
[2.7]The Candidate

The Candidate                          Written by Chuck Ranberg & 
                                                  Anne Flett-Giordano
                                       Directed by James Burrows
=====================================================================
Production Code: 2.7.
Episode Number In Production Order: 30
Filmed on: 
Original Airdate on NBC: 8th November 1994
Transcript written on 24th July 2000
Transcript revised on 8th February 2003

Transcript {andrea day}

ACT ONE

ANDY WARHOL SAID IT BEST

Scene One - Frasier's apartment.
Frasier, Niles and Daphne are sitting on the couch. Martin is 
standing behind them.  Their attentions are tuned towards the 
television.

   Martin: All right, now.  Quiet, it's getting ready to start.
Announcer: The following is a paid political announcement for Holden 
           Thorpe.
    Niles: You dragged us over here to see a commercial for Holden 
           Thorpe?
   Martin: Shh! 
  Frasier: The man is a fascist.  He's like Himmler without the whimsy.

Niles laughs at this, but Martin taps Frasier on the head with his 
cane to shut him up.  Cut to the TV commercial, which shows an 
American flag and the title HOLDEN THORPE FOR CONGRESS.

Announcer: And now another American for Holden Thorpe.
   Martin: [on television] Hi, I'm Marty Crane. 
  Frasier: Oh, dear God.
   Martin: [on television] For thirty years I was a cop walking 
           The beat in Seattle.  Then my hip was shattered by an 
           assassin's bullet - an assassin who wouldn't have been 
           on the streets if it weren't for those bleeding hearts 
           we sent to Congress. 

Martin is mouthing the words along with his TV self.

 Martin: I used to carry a gun.  Now I carry a cane.  I'm voting to 
         elect Holden Thorpe.  He's running because I can't. 

Frasier and Niles look horrified.

 Martin: Well?
 Daphne: Oh, Mr. Crane, I don't know what to say. I'm in a state of 
         shock.


  Niles: Aren't we all?
 Daphne: I mean, you were wonderful! [she hugs him] This calls for 
         a celebration.  What'll you have?
 Martin: Oh, give me a beer.

Daphne goes to the kitchen.

Frasier: Dad... how did this happen?
 Martin: Well, I took a walk to the park last week and they were 
         having a rally for Thorpe.  So I started to talk to one of 
         his people and told him I was an ex-cop and the next thing 
         you know they were shoving a camera in my face. 
Frasier: This is appalling.  Those people are exploiting you.
 Martin: No, they're not.  I like Thorpe.
  Niles: Oh, how could you support that odious little hosehead?  
         I once heard him say, "Cancer aside, tobacco is good for 
         the economy."
 Martin: Well, I like him.  He's gonna put more cops on the street.
 Daphne: [bringing Martin his beer] Yeah, well, it couldn't hurt. 
         Now that everyone and his brother's walking around armed. 
         Makes me glad we don't have so many guns in England.
Frasier: You don't need guns, you've got kidney pie. [The phone 
         rings] Hello? [to Martin] It's Duke. 
 Martin: Oh!
  Niles: Sherry?
Frasier: I couldn't possibly, Niles.  I'm too upset. 

He and Niles sit down at the table to play chess.

 Martin: Oh yeah, yeah.  I'm glad you liked it, Duke.  Yeah, it was 
         fun.  Hey, I got a lot of showbiz secrets to tell you.  You 
         know they can make you cry on cue by pulling a hair out of 
         your nose?  What?  Really?  Oh, guys, quick, over here-
         channel 14, they're running my other spot!  Hey, Duke, this 
         one was my idea.  Remember when Lyndon Johnson lifted up 
         his shirt to show his scar? 

He turns up the T.V.

 Martin: [v.o.] Hi, I'm Marty Crane.  Crime isn't pretty.  And if you 
         don't believe me, look at this! 

Niles and Frasier turn just in time to see whatever "this" is. 
They both gasp in horror.

FADE OUT

Scene Two – Café Nervosa. 
Frasier is standing at the bar of the cafe.  A waitress comes up 
to take his order.

Waitress: Can I help you, sir?
 Frasier: Yes, what are your specials today?
Waitress: Kenyan blend.
 Frasier: No, no, no, no.  Still poaching elephants over there.  
          Got something else?
Waitress: Dark roast Brazilian. 
 Frasier: Not until they do something about the loss of our 
          rainforests.
Waitress: Salvadoran?
 Frasier: No, I've never forgiven them for their human rights 
          violations.
Waitress: Well, then we're down to the Hawaiian Kona blend.  Or, have 


          they slaughtered too many macadamia nuts?
 Frasier: [gives her a look, then] That'll be fine, thank you. 

Niles walks up behind him.

Frasier: Niles.
  Niles: Frasier, I can't stand it.  I just walked by an electronics 
         store and there in the window were twenty-two television sets 
         and on every screen was Dad's... [looks around]...butt. 
Frasier: [nods] I saw it.  I don't know which is worse - seeing his 
         butt, or what it stands for.  I just can't believe that our 
         father is actually endorsing that self-serving fearmonger. 
         [they sit at a table]
  Niles: I've been giving this a lot of thought.  And I realized Dad 
         isn't the problem.  He's just supporting the candidate of 
         his choice.  The problem lies with us. 
Frasier: Us?  We haven't done anything.
  Niles: Exactly.  "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil 
         is for good men to do nothing."
Frasier: Edmund Burke.
  Niles: I have that quotation in a frame.  I keep meaning to put it 
         up in my office but I never seem to get around to it. [the 
         waitress brings Frasier's coffee] Anyway, Frasier, I think 
         the time has come for you and me to get involved. 
Frasier: What are you suggesting?
  Niles: I propose we throw our support behind Thorpe's opponent, 
         Phil Patterson.
Frasier: Well, of course I intend to vote for Patterson. 
  Niles: I had something a little more ambitious in mind.  I spoke to 
         some people down at Patterson's headquarters this morning, 
         and your name came up.  They'd like you to film a TV spot 
         endorsing their candidate.
Frasier: Niles, listen.  I'd really love to help, but surely you must 
         realize that as a radio psychiatrist, I can't take a chance 
         of alienating my listeners.  The people that need my help 
         might be reluctant to call in if they knew my political 
         views. 
  Niles: Well, I wish you'd at least think about it.  A candidate 
         like this doesn't come along that often.  He's hard-working. 
         He volunteers weekends at a soup kitchen.  He really cares 
         about people.  Finally, a politician who believes in the 
         things we believe in.

A young boy approaches with boxes of candy.

    Boy: Buy a box of chocolate - send a kid to camp?
  Niles: Excuse me, can't you see we're talking here?!

The boy slumps off as Frasier gives Niles a look.

Scene Three - KACL.
Frasier is doing his show.

Frasier: Thank you for your call, Susan.  We'll be right back after 
         this message. 

He puts in a commercial, which happens to be an ad for Holden Thorpe.

 Thorpe: [sound of sirens and guns] Crime - it's epidemic.  
         It strikes fast and it can strike you.  I'm Holden 
         Thorpe. You should send me to Washington because...
Frasier: [cutting off the sound] It's better than having you here!
    Roz: [entering Frasier's booth] Piece of work, isn't he?  He makes 
         it sound like it's either vote for him or be found murdered 


         in your bed. 
Frasier: Oh, I wouldn't be concerned if I were you, Roz.  What are the 
         chances of finding you there alone?

Bulldog enters with his cart of tricks.

Bulldog: Hey, sports fan, how they hangin'?
Frasier: Okay, Bulldog.
Bulldog: I was talking to Roz. 

Bulldog smacks Roz on the behind, and, as she spins round in fury, 
sticks his tongue out at her.  She grabs the tongue and smacks it 
with the sharp corner of the cart in her hand. 

    Roz: Ten seconds.

She goes into her booth as Frasier turns up the volume on the 
commercial for Holden Thorpe.

 Thorpe: So vote for me.  My crime program will give the streets back 
         to the people-
Frasier: [cuts it off; on air] That's good.  Because with your tax 
         program, that's where they'll be sleeping!  Welcome back, 
         Seattle.  We'll be back for just one more phone call after 
         this news break.  And then next up, Bob "Bulldog" Briscoe- 
         [Bulldog blows his whistle and bangs a gong in Frasier's ear] 
         and the Gonzo Sports Show. [off air] I've asked you not to do 
         that!
Bulldog: Way to be impartial, Doc. [honks horn] You know, I happen to 
         think Thorpe's a good man.  Who you voting for, that pretty 
         boy Phil Patterson?
    Roz: [enters] Yeah, Patterson's great.  His reapportionment plan 
         makes a lot of sense.
Frasier: Forget it, Roz.  He's happily married. 

She bares her claws at Frasier and then goes back to her booth.

Bulldog: [chuckling] Yeah, so's Thorpe.  Go figure.  His wife's a cow 
         and he still loves her. 
Frasier: There's a bumper sticker.
Bulldog: Be back in a minute. [leaves]
    Roz: [through the glass] Hey, I liked that little shot you took 
         at Thorpe.  Although our next caller doesn't seem to share 
         your opinion. 
Frasier: Oh, really?  Well, put him on.  I welcome contrasting 
         viewpoints. [on air] Hello, Seattle, we're back.  Roz, who do 
         we have on the line?
    Roz: On line one we have Holden Thorpe. 

Roz grins, but Frasier does not look very happy.

    Roz: Go ahead, caller.
 Thorpe: [v.o.] Crane, Thorpe.  Let me ask you something.  Are you 
         married?
Frasier: Divorced.
 Thorpe: You ever serve in the military?
Frasier: Well, actually, I have congenitally weak ankles, it's a 
         family problem.
 Thorpe: I see, I see.  So a guy like you - unmarried, didn't serve his 
         country - sees fit to criticize a patriotic family man who 
         fought in the Battle of Grenada.  I went in on the first 
         wave, by the way.
Frasier: On a surfboard, I suppose?


Roz grins and nods.

 Thorpe: If you ask me, the day we get the likes of you off the radio 
         will be the day America will be a nice, friendly place to 
         live again. 
Frasier: All right, you've said your piece, now you're gonna listen 
         to mine! [Thorpe hangs up] Hang up on me, will you?!  Well, 
         all right, even though you may not be listening, the people 
         of Seattle are gonna hear what I have to say!
    Roz: No, they won't.  The show ended five seconds ago, I had to 
         send it to traffic.

Frasier angrily throws off his headphones.

FADE TO:

CITIZEN CRANE

Scene Four - Frasier's apartment.
Frasier is in the process of rehearsing a political commercial in 
his apartment. It's filled with lights and sound equipment and 
various crew.  Niles is among them.  Frasier is seated in the 
chair near the balcony door.  He is at first facing the balcony, 
but he then turns to face the camera.

Frasier: Oh, hello there.  I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.  Many of you know me 
         from my radio show, but today I'm speaking to you as a
         concerned citizen. [stands] As a mental health expert, I've 
         been listening to what my good friend Phil Patterson has to 
         say.  I like the way his mind works.  He's a visionary, and he 
         cares about the little people.  That's why I'm proud to say 
         that I'm behind Phil Patterson for Congress. 

Phil Patterson comes up to him and shakes his hand.

   Phil: Thanks, Frasier. [facing camera] Together, we can live the 
         dream. 
Frasier: Phil Patterson: the sane choice.

The crew cuts.

Director: Okay, guys.  Give us about five minutes to adjust the lights 
          and then we'll shoot it.
 Frasier: Great.
   Niles: Yes, yes, adjust those lights.  They need to be, uh, lighter 
          and... you know, brighter.

He trips over one of the lights.  A crewman grabs it before it falls 
and gives Niles a look.  Niles, Frasier and Phil walk over to the 
dinner table.

   Phil: Thanks again, Frasier.
  Niles: Oh, our pleasure, Phil.  The Crane family has a long history 
         of political involvement.  You know, my wife Maris actually 
         has all our servants down at your campaign headquarters 
         licking envelopes.  She'd do it herself, but the poor thing 
         can't produce saliva. 

Niles exits to the kitchen as Frasier and Patterson share a look. 
Daphne then enters with Eddie.


 Daphne: Hello, there.
Frasier: Oh, Daphne... I thought we agreed you'd keep him out of here 
         for two hours.
 Daphne: Well, I walked him around the park, but you know how he 
         gets.  He starts whining and whimpering until you can't stand 
         it any longer.
   Phil: [bending down to pet Eddie] Oh, don't let them talk about 
         you like that, little fella.
 Martin: [coming in the door] She was talking about me.  Hi, Marty 
         Crane. 
   Phil: Phil Patterson. [they shake hands] You look familiar, Mr. 
         Crane, but I can't quite place you.  
 Martin: Oh, let me give you a hint. 

He starts to pull down his pants.

Frasier: Dad! [he shoos Martin away]
 Martin: Just trying to help the guy!
Frasier: My father did a commercial for your opponent. 
   Phil: Yes, it came back to me.
 Daphne: Hello, Daphne Moon. 
   Phil: Hi. [shakes hands]
 Daphne: You know, my uncle was a political writer for one of those 
         London tabloids.  I can still remember his biggest scoop.  
         The headline read: "High-ranking politician caught wearing 
         women's clothing."  Of course, you turn to page two and you 
         found out it was Margaret Thatcher, but by then you'd 
         already bought the paper.
   Phil: [struggling for words] Well, thank you, Miss Moon. 
         [she leaves]
Frasier: Say, Phil, it's getting a little hot in here.  You want to 
         step out on to the balcony with me, get a little fresh air?
   Phil: Great. [as they walk out] Oh, beautiful view.
Frasier: Thank you.  Yes, you know, I feel very lucky living here.  
         I'd like to say I feel lucky to be a part of your campaign 
         as well.
   Phil: Oh, it's me who's lucky.  It's quite a boost for an underdog 
         to get an endorsement from Frasier Crane.
Frasier: Oh, I don't know if my name carries that much weight.
   Phil: Oh, come on, people love you.  I've listened to your show. 
         To tell the truth, I've even thought of calling in. 
Frasier: Really?  What for?
   Phil: Oh, it's... kind of sensitive.
Frasier: Listen, Phil, as a psychiatrist, anything you tell me will 
         be kept in the strictest confidence. 

Phil still hesitates.  They both stare out at the view, not looking 
at each other.

Frasier: You know, it's funny how the more you bottle things up 
         inside, the bigger they seem to be. 
   Phil: Well, I've never told anybody this before, but... okay, here 
         goes.  Six years ago... I was abducted by aliens. 

Frasier, shocked, slowly turns his head to face Phil. 
He is completely stunned.

Frasier: Aliens?
   Phil: They transported me up to their spaceship for a kind of 
         conference.  They're very concerned about what we're doing to 
         our planet. [Frasier stares at Phil] Hey, you were right. 
         Now that I've said it out loud, it doesn't seem like that 
         big a deal.


Frasier: [far away] No...

Phil gives Frasier a pat on the back as Niles walks up to the door.

  Niles: They're ready for you, gentlemen.  Come on in here and let's 
         elect a Congressman!

Phil exits to the living room, but Frasier is frozen.

  Niles: Frasier? [He gestures for Frasier to come in, but he doesn't 
         move] Frasier?

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

LET'S JUST KEEP THIS

UNDER OUR SPACE HELMETS

Scene One - Frasier's apartment.
It is a few moments after Phil's revelation. Frasier is now filming 
the political commercial.  He looks mortified.

Director: We're rolling.  And... action.
 Frasier: [in his chair] Hello, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. Many of you 
          know me from my radio show but today I'm speaking to you as 
          a concerned citizen... a deeply concerned citizen. 

Niles looks confused.

Frasier: As a mental health expert, I've been listening to what my good 
         friend Phil Patterson has to say. [stands] I like the 
         way his mind works.  He's a visionary, and he cares about... 
         [whimpering] ...the little people. 

Daphne and Martin share a confused look.

Frasier: That's why I'm proud to say that I'm behind Phil Patterson 
         for Congress.

Phil walks up to Frasier.  This time, Frasier jumps in fear

    Phil: Thanks, Frasier. [shakes his hand and faces the camera] 
          Together, we can live the dream.
 Frasier: Phil Patterson: [almost in tears] The sane choice.
Director: Okay, cut it!
 Frasier: God, I'm burning up! 

He runs to the powder room to get a washcloth.

Director: Frasier, you were a little nervous on that one. Why don't 
          you take a couple of minutes and we'll try it again.
  Martin: I got mine on the first take.
   Niles: Frasier, may I see you in the kitchen? 

They both exit to the kitchen.

  Niles: What's going on in there?  You look like a zombie!
Frasier: Oh God, Niles!  I've got something I'd really like to get 
         off my chest. [sits at a bar stool] But if I told you I'd 
         be violating a doctor-patient confidence.
  Niles: Oh, I see.  Well, nothing is more sacrosanct than our


         professional ethics. [sits opposite Frasier] Fortunately, I 
         know a trick to get around them.  For the next few minutes, 
         I'll be your psychiatrist, and then you can spill your guts 
         with impunity.
Frasier: Well, it's borderline, but I'm desperate!
  Niles: All right.
Frasier: Just now, on the balcony, Phil Patterson told me that he 
         had been... abducted by aliens. [Niles stares] Apparently, 
         he was beamed up to the mother ship, for a little 
         interplanetary chitchat!

Niles leans around to look outside the kitchen.  He then leans back 
to look at Frasier.

  Niles: This is bad, isn't it?
Frasier: Niles, this is incredible.  It's just awful.  We're gonna look 
         like such idiots!
  Niles: We?!  The whole thing was your idea.  I knew I should never 
         have let you get me into politics!
Frasier: My idea?! 

They argue over each other for a moment.

Frasier: Oh my God, Niles, stop it!  This isn't getting us anywhere! 
  Niles: All right, what are we going to do?
Frasier: Well, I think we have to convince Phil to drop out of the 
         race and seek professional help.
  Niles: If Phil drops out, then Thorpe will win.
Frasier: Forget it, Niles!
  Niles: Well, then you can forget education, and the environment, 
         and funding for the arts... 
Frasier: Are you saying I should still back Phil?
  Niles: All right.  Answer me this: can you tell me with any 
         certainty that in such a vast universe there isn't 
         intelligent life on other planets?
Frasier: [glares] At the moment, I'm not sure there's intelligent
         life in this kitchen!
  Niles: All right, all right, all right.  Let's assume that it's in 
         his imagination.  How often does he see these aliens?
Frasier: Well, it's only happened the one time. 

Niles gets a hopeful look, and Frasier also gets excited.

Frasier: Which might suggest that it was an isolated incident brought 
         on by overwork rather than a pattern of paranoid delusion.
  Niles: My diagnosis exactly!
Frasier: Phil has worked hard.
  Niles: Yes.
Frasier: He deserves his chance.
  Niles: Yes.
Frasier: He's still gotta seek professional help.
  Niles: [forceful] Yes!  The best there is.  But we're not going to 
         turn our backs on him three weeks before the election.
Frasier: No, damn it, we are not. [they shake hands] So, will you 
         treat him?
  Niles: [as they exit] Are you kidding?  I'm a doctor, not a miracle 
         worker! 

FADE TO:

THE FAULT LIES NOT IN OUR STARS,

BUT IN OURSELVES


Scene Two - KACL.
Frasier and Roz are in her booth during a commercial break. 
She is plucking her eyebrows.

    Roz: I think it's time I get my eyebrows waxed.  I'm starting to 
         get that Romanian peasant look again.  Of course, it doesn't 
         help that I didn't get any sleep last night.
Frasier: Dating a snorer?
    Roz: You know, Frasier, I'm getting just a little tired of your 
         constant insinuation that I sleep around.  I didn't get any 
         sleep because of that idiot Chopper Dave.  When he gets bored 
         doing traffic reports he likes to buzz people's apartments 
         in his helicopter.
Frasier: Oh, I can see how that would be annoying.
    Roz: Well, it didn't bother me much, but the guy I was with is a 
         Vietnam vet and he started having flashbacks. 

Frasier gives her a look as Bulldog bursts in.

Bulldog: Greetings, losers!  Have you heard the great news?
Frasier: What, one of your overpaid idols passed his urine test? 
Bulldog: Yeah, laugh all you can.  Word's out about your pal Patterson 
         and those aliens of his.
Frasier: Oh, my God!
    Roz: What aliens?
Bulldog: It's all over TV!
Frasier: How did they find out?
Bulldog: What, are you kidding?  You can't keep something like this 
         quiet.  Every station in town is serving his bleeding heart 
         up on a platter. 
Frasier: Isn't that just like the media?  The day before the election 
         they find one tiny flaw in a man and they try to ruin his 
         career!  Well, you know what?  I have my own conduit to the 
         public's ear.  I'm not letting Phil go down without a fight! 
         [he storms into his booth]
    Roz: What aliens?
Bulldog: Turns out Patterson's got a couple of illegal aliens from 
         Guatemala working in his house.  No greencards, no documents, 
         no chance! 

He exits.

Frasier: [on air] Hello, Seattle. I'm back.  This is Dr. Frasier Crane 
         and I have just learned during the commercial break that it 
         has become public knowledge that Phil Patterson, candidate 
         for Congress, believes in aliens from outer space. 

Roz looks up, stunned.

Frasier: Not only does he believe in them, he believes he has met with 
         them.  That he was beamed aboard their spaceship for a little 
         interplanetary tête-à-tête. [Roz shakes her head at him to 
         stop] Shocked?  Well, all right. [Roz knocks on the glass, he 
         ignores her] But I say, let's ask ourselves these questions. 
         Has this...

Roz pounds on the glass and slashes a finger across her throat.
He waves her off and continues.

Frasier: ...harmless delusion, most likely brought on by overwork and 
         sleep deprivation, adversely affected his voting record in 
         any way?  I ask you, and I say no.  What great leader doesn't 
         have his quirks?  Ronald Reagan saw an astrologist.  General 


         Patton believed in reincarnation.  Even J. Edgar Hoover let 
         his slip show once in a while! 

[N.B. To be fair, if Ronald Reagan ever saw an astrologist, 
it’s because Nancy asked him to. – Mike Lee]

Roz gives up and begins to pluck her eyebrows again.

Frasier: People, we're talking about a great leader here!  We shouldn't 
         concern ourselves with these minor eccentricities. What's 
         important - what really counts - is what's in here... I'm 
         pointing at my chest now. 

Roz rolls her eyes and buries her face in her hands as the scene 
fades out.

FADE TO:

ONE PERSON SPEAKING OUT 

CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE

Scene Three - Frasier's apartment.
It's the evening of the election.  Daphne and Martin are watching 
the results.  Frasier is sitting near the balcony, defeated.

Announcer: The results from the last precinct are in.  Holden Thorpe 
           has been elected to Congress, garnering a whopping ninety-
           two percent of the vote. 

Martin laughs and claps.

 Daphne: Well, at least Mr. Patterson got eight percent.
 Martin: Yeah, well, they must have been counting absentee votes from 
         the planet Krypton!

He laughs, Frasier looks miserable.

 Daphne: Oh, come on now, Dr. Crane.  It wasn't all your fault.  I'm 
         sure having those Guatemalans in his home would have cost 
         him some votes anyway. [exits]
Frasier: Those Guatemalans were exchange students!  Phil was giving 
         them free room and board as a goodwill gesture between 
         countries.
 Martin: Well, I'd like to stay here and gloat, but I gotta get 
         changed to go to the big celebration down at Thorpe 
         headquarters.  Hey, you're welcome to tag along if you'd 
         like.  You're quite a hero down there! 

He exits, laughing.

Frasier: No, thank you. [he hits himself on the forehead] Stupid, 
         stupid, stupid! [then] When will I learn it 
         hurts when I do that? 
         
The doorbell rings.  Frasier gets up and opens the door to Phil.

Frasier: Oh, Phil.  Come on in.
   Phil: Hi Frasier.  Thank you.  I just came by to return this good-
         luck tie you loaned me. [hands him the tie]
Frasier: Yes, well, I saw you wearing it on television when you made 
         your concession speech.
   Phil: It was a little embarrassing having to do it before lunch. 
         But it gave me some time to run some errands and pick up my 


         dry cleaning. 
Frasier: Phil, I am so sorry about the misunderstanding... 
   Phil: Oh, it's okay.  I know you didn't do it on purpose.  You 
         thought you were defending me. 
Frasier: The people of Seattle deserve something better than Holden 
         Thorpe.
   Phil: That's politics.  And it's just one election.  I'll be back.
Frasier: You really think you can?
   Phil: Maybe I'm a dreamer, but I like to believe anything's 
         possible. [he starts to leave]
Frasier: Phil?  I've gotta ask you... do you really believe it 
         happened?
   Phil: I honestly wish I could say it didn't, but it did.  I guess 
         you'll never believe it unless it happens to you.
Frasier: So, what's next for you? 
   Phil: Maybe I'll run in California.  A thing like this could 
         actually help me there. 

Phil leaves.  Frasier shuts the door and walks over to where he laid 
the tie.  He picks it up for a moment and appears thoughtful. He then
puts the tie down and walks up to the balcony door to look out.

Frasier: Anything's possible... 

Suddenly, a bright light fills the sky.  Frasier frantically looks out 
to see what it could be.  He opens the door and looks up into the sky.

Frasier: Oh, very funny, Chopper Dave! 

He slams the door in disgust.

Credits:

Roz is sitting at a table in the Cafe Nervosa.  She begins to pluck 
her eyebrows.  She plucks one and blows the eyebrow off the tweezers. 
She continues to do this until the little boy with the candy comes up 
to her.  She blows one of her eyebrows at him to make him go away.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 BOYD GAINES as Phil Patterson
 LUCK HARI as Waitress
 JACK TATE as Director
 CHRISTOPHER WALBERG as Boy

 Guest Callers
 SYDNEY POLLACK as Holden Thorpe

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley & Andrea Day. 
 This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


