
[2.12]Roz In The Doghouse

Roz In The Doghouse                         Written by Chuck Ranberg
                                            & Anne Flett-Giordano              
                                            Directed by James Burrows         
=====================================================================
Production Code: 2.12
Episode Number In Production Order: 36
Filmed On:
Original Airdate on NBC: 3rd January 1995
Transcript written on 31st March 1999
Transcript revised on 8th February 2003

Transcript {shawne wang}

ACT ONE
Scene One – KACL
FADE IN
Frasier is listening to a caller.

  Marie: [v.o.] Um, you see, Dr. Crane, there's this man I'd like to
         go out with, but he's forty years old and he's never been 
         married.  Do you think that means something?
Frasier: Well, it could mean he has a fear of commitment... or it
         could mean he's just been lucky!

He laughs at his own wit, then realizes no one is laughing with him.
 
Frasier: Marie, that was a joke.
  Marie: [sighs audibly] Did I mention I'm calling from a pay phone?
Frasier: Alright, alright, Marie, um... I would say give him a shot,
         but uh... I'd keep that caution bulb lit.  Thank you for your
         call, Marie. [punches a button] Who's next, Roz?

Instead of handing him over to his next caller, Roz interjects with
her own on-air opinion.

    Roz: If you ask me, it's divorced people you have to watch out for.  
         Someone's never been married - it might just mean they're a 
         careful shopper.  Whereas your divorcé will bite into any old 
         piece of fruit without even giving it a squeeze first.
Frasier: The preceding was an unbiased opinion from my never-been-
         married producer, Roz, who, incidentally, has squeezed more
         fruit than Tropicana. [irritably] May we take another call,
         please?
    Roz: We could, but it's time for a station break.
Frasier: [surprised] Oh.  Oh well then, we'll be right back after this. 

He punches a button and removes his headphones, then enters Roz's 
booth.  She is already up and on the way out.

Frasier: Roz, didn't we just take a break?
    Roz: The lot was full this morning - I had to park at a meter. 
         I'll be right back.
Frasier: Oh.  Fine, just hurry.


Roz pauses and turns back to Frasier.  Neither of them notice Bulldog
come into the hallway, then bend over to tie his shoe.

    Roz: [pausing] Do I have headphone hair? [off his look] Well, I may 
         have to flirt my way out of a parking ticket!
Frasier: Oh, just go!
    Roz: OK, OK!

As Frasier re-enters her booth, Roz turns and runs - and flips, 
literally head over heels, over Bulldog, and crashes to the floor.  
Frasier rushes back out to see Roz lying on the floor and Bulldog 
getting up.

    Roz: [clutching her ankle] Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Frasier: My God! [hurrying over] Are you alright?
Bulldog: I got the wind knocked out of me, but I guess I'm OK.

Gil comes over.

    Roz: Ow, ow, my ankle!
Frasier: Here, Roz. [bending down and touching her leg] Does this hurt?

Roz responds with a deafening screech of pain.

Frasier: Alright, there's no nerve damage at least.
    Gil: Still, one ought to have an X-ray.
Frasier: Yeah, come on.

They start to help her down the hallway, with an arm around each of 
their shoulders.

    Roz: Frasier, Frasier, the show!
Frasier: No, that's alright, Roz, I'll get someone to fill in for me.
    Roz: No, I mean right now!  You've got dead air.
Frasier: Oh, God! 

He lets go of her, almost dropping her to the floor again, and rushes
back into the booth.

Bulldog and Gil help a moaning Roz into a chair by the side.  
The former sits next to her and the latter kneels by her leg.

Bulldog: [to Gil] Take the shoe off.
    Roz: [in pain] Oh, oh...
    Gil: [on removing her shoe] Oh, dear.
    Roz: [worried] What is it?
    Gil: [distastefully] I see it's been a while since our last
         pedicure.

Roz shoots a disgusted look at Bulldog.

FADE OUT

BED AND BORED

Scene Two - Roz's apartment
The living room shares the same space as the bedroom, and Roz is 
seated on the queen-sized bed, her injured ankle propped up on a 
cushion.  She is trying to paint her toenails. The doorbell rings.

    Roz: [calling] Who is it?


Frasier: [from behind the door] It's Frasier.
    Roz: It's open.

Frasier pulls open the door and enters.  He is carrying a white box.

Frasier: Hi, Roz.  How were things at the emergency room?
    Roz: Frustrating.  You know how it is - you're sitting there in
         complete agony and every crybaby with a gunshot wound
         waltzes right in ahead of you.  How was it after I left?
Frasier: It was OK.  Weird Bruce from Engineering took over for you.
         [looking around] That's quite a boot collection.  Wouldn't 
         it be easier just to put notches in your bed post?
    Roz: Those are mine.  You hate the way I've decorated, don't you?
Frasier: No, no.  Matter of fact, I admire your courage.
    Roz: [noticing the box] Is that for me?
Frasier: Oh, yes. [hands it to her] Freud said that there are only two
         things we need to make us happy: work, and love.
    Roz: Aw, thanks, Frasier! [opens the box] So you brought me work.
Frasier: Well, I thought answering some of the fan mail that had been 
         piling up would give you something to do.  And remember, this 
         time death threats don't get photos.

Roz's patented death stare is interrupted by a knock on the door.

    Roz: Who is it?
Bulldog: [from behind the door] It's Bulldog!
    Roz: Shh!  Pretend we're not here.
Frasier: Roz, you just said, “Who is it?”

He goes to the door and opens it.  We see Bulldog, clutching some 
white paper bags in his hands.

Bulldog: Hey, Doc!
Frasier: Hey, Dog.
Bulldog: Hey, Roz! [noticing his surroundings] Wow!  The whole place is 
         a bedroom! [barks]
    Roz: What are you doing here?
Bulldog: Well, I kinda feel responsible for you being on the disabled
         list.  So I brought you some deli.
Frasier: Nothing says I'm sorry like fatty meats.
Bulldog: [walking into the kitchen] You got your pastrami, coleslaw... 
         OK, where's the french fries?  I ordered french fries! 

We hear him slamming his hand on a hard surface.

Bulldog: THIS STINKS!  THIS IS TOTAL B.S.! [comes out of the kitchen] 
         That apron boy is gonna...! [notices another white bag on 
         the E-Z table next to Roz's bed] Oh, here they are. 

He grabs them and goes back into the kitchen.

Frasier: To think he does it all without steroids.
Bulldog: [coming back out] You want me to stick these in the oven?
    Roz: Actually, I'm not really very hungry.
Bulldog: Oh.  Then I guess you're not thirsty either? [pulls out a
         bottle of Wild Turkey]
    Roz: Glasses are on the top shelf.

He heads back into the kitchen, bottle in hand.

Frasier: None for me, Bulldog.  I'm off to the opera.
    Roz: [desperate] You can't leave!
Bulldog: [calling] Hey, no ice cubes!


    Roz: [calling back] Just chip whatever you can off the edge of
         the freezer. [whispering to Frasier] If you leave me, he'll
         hit on me!
Frasier: Roz, with a sprained ankle?
    Roz: You know what it's like in the jungle - they always go after 
         the sick and the lame.
Frasier: Roz, I'd like to stay, but I'm meeting people at the opera.
         I've got the tickets!
Bulldog: [entering with two glasses] Here we go.  I'll get you more ice 
         in a minute when the feeling in my forehead comes back.
Frasier: Well, curtain’s going up. [opens the door and turns back]  
         Listen, Roz, if you need anything, feel free to call me 
         absolutely anytime.  Well, except for the next three hours,
         of course.  I'm at the opera.  Oh, no, no, no...  four hours, 
         it's Wagner.  Um... oh, then I've got a late supper, then 
         right to bed, I've got an early squash game... tell you what, 
         let's just say call me absolutely anytime after four tomorrow 
         afternoon.

He opens the door and exits, leaving Roz quite effectively in the 
doghouse.

Bulldog: Hey. [clinks her glass with his] This is nice.  You and me,
         having a drink together.
    Roz: [draining her glass] Yeah.  It's been fun.  Bye! [slams her
         glass onto the E-Z table]
Bulldog: How come you only painted two toenails?
    Roz: [sighing] 'Cause it hurts too much when I reach.
Bulldog: You want me to finish them for you?

He sits himself down on the bed, picking up the bottle of nail polish.

    Roz: No, please, it's OK.
Bulldog: Hey, it's a nice colour.  Goes with the bruise.
    Roz: Bulldog, I mean it.  Stop it.
Bulldog: Hey, you got nice feet!
    Roz: Really?  You don't think they're too big?
Bulldog: You kidding?  I could get this whole thing in my mouth, easy.
         [starts painting her nails]
    Roz: [semi-suspicious] You know, it's really nice of you to do 
         all this for me.  Kind of surreal... but nice.
Bulldog: Oh, I figure if I'm nice to you... maybe you'll be nice to me.
    Roz: [pushing herself off the bed] I knew it, I knew it!  You come 
         over here acting all sympathetic, but you're still the same
         old horny, low-class slimeball you've always been!
Bulldog: Hey, before you say something that ends up offending me...
         look, all I wanted to ask you is if, you'd be interested 
         in producing my show.
    Roz: [shocked] What?
Bulldog: Yeah, I'm not real crazy about the guy I got now.  And let's
         face it - you're the best producer there is.
    Roz: You really think I'm the best?
Bulldog: Hey, that goes without saying.
    Roz: [obviously won over] Well, Frasier goes without saying it 
         every day. [sits back down]
Bulldog: Well, you don't have to answer right now, just take your time 
         and think about it.  But I gotta warn ya, when I set my mind 
         on something, I get it.  I once wanted to interview George 
         Foreman.  He said no... but I got him. [starts painting again] 
         I had to paint his toenails FOUR times, but I got him!

FADE TO:


Scene Three - Frasier's apartment
Roz is seated on the couch, her injured leg in Daphne's lap. 
Daphne is giving her a massage.

 Daphne: You’ve been wrapping your bandage too tight.  You’ve got 
         to keep the blood flowing to the injured ligaments.
    Roz: Daphne, that feels great.  Whatever Frasier's paying you, 
         it's not enough.
 Daphne: Actually, I'll need a raise to get me to “not enough.”

The door opens, and Martin enters, followed by Niles.

 Martin: Hey, Roz!
    Roz: Hey, Martin, what's going on? 
 Martin: Oh, Niles bought me some new shoes!
 Daphne: [mock approvingly] Oh yes, look!  They have tassels!

Niles moves to hang up his coat, oblivious to Daphne’s sarcasm.

  Niles: Aren't they exquisite?  Those shoes were individually handmade 
         by an artisan toiling in a hilltop village above Florence. 
         [goes to the bar to pour himself a drink] The man is a hero 
         there.  It's an event when he completes a pair of shoes.  
         They ring the cathedral bell and the whole town celebrates.
    Roz: There's a town that needs a bowling alley.

Frasier now enters through the front door.

Frasier: Evening, all!
  Niles: Hello!
    Roz: Hey, Frasier!
Frasier: Oh Roz, Roz!  Did you hear the show today?  I was at the top
         of my form!  I did a brilliant job of cutting a narcissist
         down to size! 

Niles brings him a drink.

Frasier: Oh, thank you, Niles. So... 

He stops, noticing Martin's footwear.

Frasier: Ooh, Dad!  New shoes?  Do I hear cathedral bells?
 Martin: Ring-a-ding-ding! 

He gets up and moves to the kitchen.

Frasier: Oh, Roz, I also wanted to apologize for leaving you last
         night.  I hope you didn't spend the whole evening fending 
         off Bulldog's advances.
    Roz: Oh, no!  Bulldog's not so bad!  We actually had a good time!
Frasier: [laden with sexual innuendo] Ohhh?
    Roz: What “ohhh?”
Frasier: Well, I couldn't help noticing he came in to work this
         morning wearing the same clothes he had on yesterday.
  Niles: [laden with double sexual innuendo] Ohhhh??
 Martin: [walking back to his chair] What's going on?
  Niles: Roz slept with Bulldog last night.
    Roz: I did not!  How could you think that?
Frasier: Well, I mean - dropping by, bringing a little gift?  It was
         obvious he was after something!
 Daphne: Well, that's not fair!  Dr. Crane is always dropping by and
         bringing me little gifts and he's not after anything!


Niles looks decidedly uncomfortable.

    Roz: [indignantly] I did not sleep with Bulldog - he didn't even
         hit on me.  He did want something, though - he wanted me to
         leave you and come be his new producer.
Frasier: [skeptically] Oh, well!  I wonder why he said that! 

He trades a knowing look with Niles.

    Roz: Because he really wants me.
Frasier: Yes well, I think that goes without saying.
    Roz: For his show.
Frasier: Oh Roz, Bulldog knows the blunt approach won't work with
         you, so he's being more subtle.  But his ultimate goal
         remains to... well, to...
    Roz: [snappishly] To what?
  Niles: To play Aeneas to your Dido. [pause] Sorry you had to hear
         that, Daphne.
 Daphne: Oh, that's alright.  As usual, I haven't the foggiest idea
         what you're talking about.

[N.B. In an earlier draft, the line was, “dip his biscotti in your 
latte.”  Also, for lay persons, Aeneas is a figure from classical 
literature: a hero of the Trojan War who escaped to Carthage, and had 
a passionate affair with the queen, Dido, before abandoning her to go 
to Italy and found the city of Rome (or so Virgil tells us).]

    Roz: You know, this is so insulting.  You think Bulldog wants me
         to come work for him because he wants to get me into his
         bed.  It doesn't even occur to you that he thinks I'm a good 
         producer.
Frasier: Roz, don't you think you're being just a tad naive?  
    Roz: I'll tell you what naive is.   Naive is someone who thinks he
         can stand there and talk to me like that without getting a
         crutch up his butt!
Frasier: Roz, I can see how he’s manipulating you!  I’m an expert in 
         human behavior!
    Roz: Oh, really? [to Daphne] Excuse me. [stands up angrily] I've 
         heard your expert advice!  The only mental disorder you've 
         ever cured is insomnia!

Martin laughs, and Frasier gets extremely riled-up.

Frasier: Well, I'm surprised you had time to listen, what with being
         so busy with your ultra-demanding producer tasks!  Answering
         phones and pushing buttons!  My God, a cockatoo with a strong
         beak could do what you do!
    Roz: Then hire one, because I'm taking the job with Bulldog!

She picks up her crutches and storms out – or tries to, but it’s 
hard to do with a pair of crutches and only one good leg.

    Roz: [hobbling towards the door] That's it!  I am outta here! 
         [and hobbling...] Take a picture, 'cause I'm not in your 
         life! [still hobbling] You have seen the last of me! 
         [finally reaches the door and says triumphantly] Sayonara! 
         [realizes] Oh damn, my purse.

Roz starts hobbling pitifully back to the couch on her crutches, 
with everyone looking on. 

END OF ACT ONE


ACT TWO

Scene Four – KACL
Frasier is in his booth, as per normal, but he has a new producer 
in the form of Bruce.

Frasier: Well Bruce, I see we are loaded with callers here.  
         What line is next?
  Bruce: What's your favorite number?
Frasier: [tolerantly] Three.

Bruce punches a button. We hear a dial tone.

  Bruce: Damn.  What's your other favorite number?
Frasier: [annoyed] Why don't you just let me handle this? 

[He pushes a button.]

  Frasier: Hello, you're on the line with Frasier Crane.  I'm 
           listening.
Francesca: [v.o.] Hi, Dr. Crane.  Um, my name is Francesca and I'm 
           calling about my boyfriend.  Well, he says he loves me, 
           but I just can't get over this fear that I'm going to come 
           home one day and he's not going to be there.  I don't know.  
           It probably stems from my childhood when my father left us.
  Frasier: Oh Francesca, you are suffering from a fear of abandonment.   
           But trust me, I'm here for you.
Francesca: Thank you, Dr. Crane.  I'm always so afraid that people 
           I count on will just disappear and I'll be left with...

Her voice is suddenly cut off, to be replaced by a disconnected dial 
tone.  Frasier stares at Bruce with truly ferocious venom in his gaze.

  Bruce: Sorry!
Frasier: [slightly panicked] Francesca, please... we had a little
         technical glitch there.  But we were almost out of time
         anyway.  Please, if you'll call in tomorrow, I'll make sure 
         you're the first order of business.  Please call.  Well, we're 
         just about wrapped up here, folks... I'll see you tomorrow,
         Seattle.

Frasier removes his head phones, then walks into the producer's booth 
slowly, menacingly.

  Bruce: [cheerfully] Good show, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: You think so, Bruce?
  Bruce: Yeah!
Frasier: Well, call me old-fashioned but when my show starts out with
         a screeching noise that could shatter crystal, then moves on
         to an open mike while I'm eating a bag of potato chips, then
         disconnects two manic-depressives and a woman with a fear of 
         abandonment, I don't think it's a show we should be mailing 
         off to the Smithsonian!
  Bruce: Don't worry, man - you'll do better tomorrow.

Bruce gives Frasier a comforting, condescending pat on the back and 
leaves.  Frasier is incensed.  He begins to walk back into his booth 
just as Bulldog wheels his usual equipment in, with Roz following 
behind him with a clipboard.

Bulldog: Yeah, it's going to be a great show, Roz.  I can feel it.
    Roz: Yeah, I'm psyched.  You've got about a minute to show time.
Frasier: Hello, Roz.


    Roz: Hello, Frasier.
Bulldog: Hey, Doc!  Long week no see.  Hope you haven't been avoiding
         me because I stole your chick.
Frasier: Oh, Bruce and I are getting along splendidly!
    Roz: Yeah, I heard Bruce.  What happened, the cockatoo want too
         much money?

Frasier, unable to reply, smiles sardonically, and trades sarcastic
goodbyes with Roz.

Frasier: Bye, Roz.
    Roz: So long, Frasier.

He just closes the door behind him when who should he run into but 
Gil Chesterton.

    Gil: Oh, a moment, Frasier, please!  I'm sure word has reached
         your ear already about the frutti de mare party I'm throwing
         to celebrate our fair city's great bounty from the sea.
Frasier: Yes, yes.  I'd love to come.
    Gil: Well, aye, there's the rub!  You see, I've already invited 
         Roz.  With this rift between you two, well, the tension in 
         the air will be thicker than my cioppino!
Frasier: Well, Gil, I'm sure that rift will soon be over.  Before long, 
         Bulldog will prove that all he's wanted all along is just to 
         get his hands on Roz.

He looks into the booth.

Frasier: Ooh... in fact that moment may have arrived. 

He peers eagerly into the booth to see Roz bending down to pick up 
some papers she's dropped.

Frasier: Look, she's bending over!  Oh turn around, Bulldog!
    Gil: Oh, yes!  Isn't that what golfers refer to as “teeing it up?”
Frasier: [excitedly] Alright, he moves in... and he... [dejectedly]
         ...helps pick up the papers! 
    Gil: Oh, I'm so sorry, Frasier.  I too entertained hopes for low 
         comedy.

Bulldog starts his show, with Roz in the producer’s booth.

Bulldog: Attention, sports fans! [blows a whistle and hits his gong]
         You're back in the doghouse with Bulldog Briscoe! 

He barks twice, and Roz meows like a cat.

Bulldog: Let’s talk football, Sunday's lock: Broncos over the
         Raiders.  Easy money, huh, Roz?
    Roz: Yeah, right!  And men just want to cuddle.  L.A. humiliated 
         Denver last month!
Bulldog: Wh-Wh-What?  Hey, do I tell you how to cook and clean?  
         Denver's doo!  It's a complete no-brainer.
    Roz: Well then, it's right up your alley!

She toots a horn at Bulldog defiantly.  Frasier and Gil lean back
from the window.

    Gil: You know, I'm no sports fan - but they really are quite
         delicious together.
Frasier: Yes well, enjoy it while you can.  Bulldog can't keep his 
         libido in check forever.


    Gil: [condescendingly] Well, of course you're right.  And then Roz 
         will come crawling back to you.
Frasier: Yes. In the meantime, I have to find someone halfway
         competent to produce my show.  How hard could that be?

RUN:
Frasier's question is answered by the short scene that follows – 
it is a montage of all the candidates Frasier auditions for the 
job of Producer, and is set to the song, "They Call Me Mr. Pitiful.” 

Frasier is seated in his booth in various stages of distress and 
disarray as the following people inhabit Roz's usual dominion: 

– an old lady who smokes so much Frasier can barely see her 
  through the haze;

- a lady who obviously has a fetish for cats, having decorated 
  the entire studio with pictures of cats and the control panel 
  with a real live cat;

- an EXTREMELY well-endowed blonde who is greatly distracting 
  when she bends over; 

- an over-worked neurotic who gets too stressed by all the calls 
  coming in, and eventually throws up his hands in despair; 

- and finally, an old man (Ed) who seems to have fallen dead asleep 
  in his chair.  Frasier is suitably worried.  He removes his head-
  phones and gets up, slinging his coat over his shoulder.  His shirt 
  is un-tucked... something we don't often get to see in a well-groomed 
  man like Frasier. 

FADE TO:

NILES MEETS THE GOATBOY

Scene Five – Café Nervosa
Niles and Frasier are standing at the counter, having coffee.

  Niles: You think you had a bad week?  This morning, Maris and I woke 
         to the sound of our gardener, Yoshi, hacking his way through 
         our prize topiary!
Frasier: Well Niles, I've never understood why you wanted your hedges
         to be sculpted into the shapes of animals.
  Niles: Well, we're both animal lovers.  But Maris is unable to have
         pets.  She, she distrusts anything that loves her 
         unconditionally.  Anyway, there was Yoshi, drunk as a lord, 
         swinging his hedge-trimmer recklessly over his head.  Before 
         we could calm him, he had transformed Maris's prize stallion 
         into some sort of obscene... goat-boy.  The poor woman is 
         inconsolable.
Frasier: Well, thank you, Niles.  You've been a great deal of help.
         There are worse things than seeing one's career go down the
         toilet - I could have my hedges cut into unattractive shapes.
  Niles: It's always about you, isn't it?
Frasier: Well, I'm sorry!  But I'm just the slightest bit panicky that
         I'm never going to get Roz back!  I've been waiting for weeks
         for Bulldog to make his move, and against all natural laws,
         he hasn't!

At this point, Daphne enters the café, talking to Martin over her 
shoulder.


 Daphne: Come along! [seeing the two brothers] Oh!  Hello! 
         I thought we might run into you two here.
 Martin: Yeah!  Daphne and I have been out buying shoes. [to Niles] 
         Oh, not that I don't appreciate the ones that you bought me, 
         but... I thought I'd save those for special occasions, 
         when only tassels will do.  But hey, get a load of these! 

He turns and walks a few steps off, showing he’s now wearing new
sneakers, with little pressure-activated blinkers in the heels.

 Martin: They light up when I walk away!
Frasier: Doesn't everyone?
 Daphne: Well, I see Mr. Congeniality here is still spreading sunshine 
         wherever he goes.

Frasier remains standing while Martin and Daphne sit at a table.

  Niles: Apparently things didn't go very well on his show today.
 Martin: Oh, really?  Well, you know these things go in cycles.  
         I mean, take Bulldog's show - he's just had one great 
         show after another lately.
Frasier: Hmm... what could be your point, Dad?  I'm having trouble 
         reading between the lines.
 Martin: If you weren't so damn stubborn, you'd apologize to Roz, 
         get her back on the show, and everybody’d be happy.
Frasier: As usual, you're overlooking a key psychological component
         in this whole issue.
 Martin: You'd have to admit you were wrong.
Frasier: Exactly!
 Daphne: I don't see what's so hard about telling Roz you were wrong.
Frasier: You don't understand.  You see, it's not the same as Dad
         being wrong, or your being wrong.  I have a degree from
         Harvard!  Whenever I'm wrong... the world makes a little 
         less sense.
  Niles: Frankly, I don't understand why you want her back at all.
         She's pushy and opinionated.
Frasier: Niles, don't you think you're being just the slightest bit
         sexist?  What's labeled “pushy” in a woman is called 
         “assertiveness” in a man.  Gone are the days when women 
         were shunted aside to bat their eyelashes prettily and 
         say nothing.
 Daphne: I quite agree.
Frasier: [dismissively] Oh Daphne, please, I can handle this.
 Daphne: Well, you’ve certainly handled it well enough so far!  If you 
         ask me, it's time you get off your high horse, buy Roz some
         flowers and beg her forgiveness.  And don't be afraid to get
         your knees a little dusty.
Frasier: Well, I'm sorry.  I'm just not quite ready to swallow my 
         pride.

Frasier turns to leave, and runs into his most recent producer, 
Ed, who is passing by.

     Ed: Next time, wake me when the show's over.

As Ed leaves, Frasier’s look of consternation shows just how close 
he is to the end of his rope.

[N.B. The actor who plays Ed appears again briefly in Everyone’s A Critic.]

FADE TO:


YOU CAN'T TEACH AN OLD BULLDOG NEW TRICKS

Scene Six - Roz's apartment
Roz and Bulldog are up late, sitting at her dining table and working 
together on the program for his upcoming shows.

Bulldog: All right, Wednesday we’ve got the NFL Picks.  Then at the 
         end of the show we do the “boner of the week.”
    Roz: No, we can’t do that.
Bulldog: This is why I hate you.  You are always trying to change my 
         tried-and-true format.  Why can’t we do it?
    Roz: Because I got you an interview with Wayne Gretsky.
Bulldog: [annoyed] See, Way... [realizes] Wayne Gretsky?
    Roz: Mmm-hmm.
Bulldog: [ecstatic] Wayne Gretsky! [hits the counter] THIS IS AWESOME!  
         THIS IS TOTAL BRILLIANCE! [flings up his arms] THIS IS... 
         [winces] a pinched nerve.  Ah, ah, ah!  It’s an old football 
         injury.  I got my head rammed into a locker when I tried to 
         interview Mike Ditka.  Ahh!
    Roz: Here, let me help you with that.

Roz stands behind him and massages his neck.

Bulldog: Ah, this is great.  I can’t believe it.  Wayne Gretsky, 
         the great one.  Aah... Roz, you are the great one.  You 
         are some kind of producer.
    Roz: Thanks.  I’m having a great time.  I owe you, Bulldog.  
         I owe you big.

At those words, Bulldog’s face twists into a diabolical, self-satisfied
grin – which Roz, being behind him, fails to notice.

    Roz: You know, I never would have thought this a couple of weeks 
         ago, but you and I have great chemistry together, don’t we?
Bulldog: Uh-huh.  I like chemistry.  I flunked it, but I like it.  
         You got any of that, uh... Wild Turkey left?
    Roz: Yeah, sure.

She disappears into the kitchen.

    Roz: [o.s.] You know, I got to be honest with you, Bulldog.  
         When we first started working together, I never thought it 
         would turn out like this!  Did you?  
Bulldog: All along.

He rips off his shirt without bothering with the buttons, and takes 
off his jeans. He's now wearing only shorts.

Bulldog: Hey uh, Roz, you'd better make mine a double.  I'm a double
         kind of guy.

He has picked up a bag and is now taking out his “equipment.”  
As she speaks, he places a vase with a single red rose on 
the end table next to Roz's bed, followed by a red candle.

    Roz: Uh-uh!  You're only going to get a little.  There's a lot I 
         want to do tonight, and I want you to keep up with me.
Bulldog: Yeah, well, uh... 

He takes a long white feather out of his bag and ponders where to 
put it for a while, then sticks it in his shorts.


Bulldog: All I ask is that you give me a couple of twenty-minute 
         breaks.

He takes out a boom box and starts to play some music.

    Roz: What's that?
Bulldog: I uh... I thought a little music might be, uh, might be nice.

He has a handful of rose petals which he begins to sprinkle liberally 
around the room.  He turns down the bed covers and throws more petals 
down on the bed as he climbs over it back to his bag.

    Roz: Can you concentrate with that on?
Bulldog: Oh yeah, yeah!  Actually uh, I find uh... 

He unscrews a bottle of perfume and smears it across his bare chest.

Bulldog: ...the distraction helps me.

He takes out a kitchen lighter - the kind one uses to ignite stoves – 
and then pulls out a pair of handcuffs.  He studies them for a moment.

Bulldog: Nah... second date.  Don't be pushy. [he drops the handcuffs]
         This is great, Roz... us working like this. 

He flicks on the lighter and lights the candle, then begins to heat 
up the rose petals on the bed, both to create an atmosphere of warmth 
as well as to make the roses' scent stronger.

Bulldog: Hey, uh... did you and the Doc ever end up working...

He accidentally sets the feather stuck in his shorts on fire, and he 
rips it out, throws it to the ground and stomps on it.

    Roz: What?
Bulldog: Did you and the Doc ever, uh... end up working like this?
    Roz: Oh yeah.  We tried it once, but he complained I talked too
         much.

Satisfied with his impromptu decoration of the place, he flops back onto 
the bed, waiting for Roz.

Bulldog: Oh, yeah?  I would have figured you for a screamer.

Roz comes out of the kitchen at last with two glasses of bourbon – 
and lets forth a truly delightful SCREAM.  She drops both glasses.

    Roz: What the hell are you doing in my bed?!  Get out! 

She picks a pillow up off the bed and starts thumping him with it. 

    Roz: Get out!  I asked you over here to WORK, you disgusting 
         pervert!
Bulldog: [stands up, half on the bed, half on the floor] Hey-hey-hey! 
         You're going to have to slow down!  I'm getting some
         mixed signals here.

Roz throws the pillow down, rushes to the end table and blows out the 
candle.  She then switches off the boom box, and gathers Bulldog's 
clothes up off the floor.  She dashes over to the window and opens 
it.

Bulldog: What are you doing?!


    Roz: Is this clear enough for you? 

She flings his clothes out the window.

Bulldog: Hey are you crazy?  My wallet's in there!
    Roz: Get out!  Now!

Yanking open the door, she does not see Frasier standing behind it, 
about to knock.  He is holding a large bouquet of flowers - obviously 
he has decided to come groveling back.  How fortuitous!

Bulldog: Get out of my way, Doc. 

He exits.  Roz notices Frasier and covers her face with her hand.

    Roz: [embarrassment and despair] Oh...!
Frasier: [with quiet triumph] I'm listening.

Credits:

We are back at KACL.  The old man is fast asleep in the producer's 
booth again, but this time he is producing Bulldog's show.  

Bulldog, in his own booth, tries to get his attention - first by 
saying "Hey" twice into the microphone, then tapping the mike with 
his drumstick.  When neither action works, he blows on his whistle... 
but that doesn't work either.  He hammers against the glass partition 
with his drumstick.  No reaction. 

Removing his head phones, he picks up a horn and storms over to the 
producer's booth, and starts tooting the horn into the man's ear. 
The man remains dead asleep.  Finally, Bulldog checks his pulse – 
it appears he IS dead.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 EDWARD HIBBERT as Gil Chesterton
 GARETT MAGGART as Bruce
 EDWARD F. GALLICK as Ed

 Guest Callers
 CARLY SIMON as Marie
 ROSIE PEREZ as Francesca

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 1999 by Shawne Wang & Nick
 Hartley.  This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright
 of Paramount Productions and NBC.  Printed without permission. 


