
[2.14]Fool Me Once, Shame On You

Fool Me Once, Shame On You       Written by Christopher Lloyd
                                 Directed by Philip Charles MacKenzie              
=====================================================================
Production Code: 2.14.
Episode Number In Production Order: 40
Filmed on:
Original Airdate on NBC: 7th February 1995
Transcript written on 31st July 2000
Transcript revised on 8th February 2003

AWARDS & NOMINATIONS

Nominated

EMMY

•  Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series: Nathan Lane

Transcript {andrea day}

ACT ONE

Scene One – Café Nervosa.
Frasier is seated at a table.  Niles walks in and is about to shut the 
door when he spots a woman behind him.  He graciously holds the door 
open for her.

  Niles: Allow me. 

She breezes by without a word.

  Niles: You're welcome. [hangs up coat and walks over to Frasier] 
         When did everyone become so boorish? [wipes down chair] 
         Honestly, sometimes I think I'm the only person left in 
         the world with any sense  of refinement. [sits] Ooh! Ooh! 
         Smell my hands!
Frasier: Thank you, no.
  Niles: I'm just so proud. I had to stop for gas, and I pumped it 
         myself! [smells his hands and grimaces] It's part of a new 
         kick I'm on.
Frasier: Which is what?
  Niles: I'm learning to be handy.  I've decided I depend too much on 
         other people, so I'm doing it myself. [holds out his hand] 
         Ooh, feel that.  Tell me that's not the start of a first-rate 
         callus.

Roz walks in carrying a videotape.

    Roz: Frasier, you left this in your booth.
Frasier: Oh dear, thank you Roz.


  Niles: What is it?
Frasier: Oh, it's a tape Dad asked me to rent for him.  It's part of 
         our new Wednesday night ritual.  Dad mixes up a pot of his 
         five-alarm chili, we all curl up on the couch and watch an 
         Angie Dickinson movie and I wish I were dead.  You should 
         join us.
  Niles: No, no.  I got my first work shirt this morning and tonight 
         I'm tackling the squeaky hasp on my cigar humidor. 
Frasier: Oh, well, be sure to wear your hernia belt.  So, Roz, you 
         gonna join us?
    Roz: [pointedly at Niles] No, I think I'll just go sit over here. 
  Niles: Roz?  Are you trying to avoid me?
    Roz: Well, can you blame me?  I mean, it took you nearly a year 
         just to learn my name and every time we sit together, you 
         have some kind of snide remark to make.
  Niles: Name one.
    Roz: Well, last week you told me my bedroom was easier to get 
         into than a community college.
  Niles: I was hoping that would be the one you'd name. 
    Roz: [charging at him] You know, I've got half a mind to...
Frasier: No, no, no!  Just hold on now, Roz.  You and Niles got off on 
         the wrong foot a long time ago.  I think if you two sat down 
         and had a real conversation you'd hit it off famously.  Here, 
         you sit, Roz, and I will go and get your coffee. 

Roz sits down as Frasier goes to the counter.

  Niles: [pause] So, how are you?
    Roz: Fine.  You?
  Niles: Great. [pause] I'm handy now. [Roz stares at him] 
         So...that's a nice jacket.
    Roz: Thank you.
  Niles: Offbeat.
    Roz: And what is that supposed to mean, "offbeat"?
  Niles: Well...
    Roz: No, wait, I think I know exactly what it means.  Offbeat as 
         in cheap.  Well, excuse me for not being rich enough to shop 
         at the International House of Tight-Ass like you and Maris 
         the heiress!  That is what you meant, right?
  Niles: Yes... but I had no idea you'd pick up on it!
    Roz: Then you were insulting me.
  Niles: Yes, but you got in a couple of good shots yourself.
    Roz: I did, didn't I?  I'm so glad we did this! 

They shake hands as Frasier returns.

Frasier: You know, sometimes I am such a good therapist, I scare 
         myself! [notices] Oh my goodness... where's my briefcase? 
  Niles: Didn't you put it under your chair?
Frasier: Well, yes I did, but someone must have taken it!
  Niles: Frasier, look, there it is!

Niles points to a man walking towards the door, carrying a briefcase.  
Frasier rushes to the door to block the man from leaving.

Frasier: Excuse me.
    Man: Excuse me. 
Frasier: Is that your briefcase? 
    Man: Yes, it is. 
Frasier: Where did you get it?
    Man: Some of the nuns in my parish bought it for me as a gift.
Frasier: Ah, your parish?  Then that would make you a priest?
    Man: Yes.


Frasier: Well, then, "Father" [grabs the briefcase], perhaps you'd 
         like to explain why you'd be carrying around... [opens the 
         case]...a Bible and some rosary beads?! [slams the case 
         shut]
    Man: What exactly are you looking for?
Frasier: An Angie Dickinson movie.  I loaned it to the Monsignor.  He 
         was supposed to give it to you to give to me.  Apparently he 
         forgot.  Well, it's a two-day rental anyway, doesn't matter. 
         Off you go.  Thank you. 

The priest leaves, confused.

  Niles: I'm sorry, Frasier.  It looked exactly like yours.  They both 
         have the same inferior leather.
    Roz: I gave him that briefcase!
  Niles: [playfully punching her shoulder] I know! 

FADE OUT

IT'S LIKE HORATIO

Scene Two - Frasier's apartment.
Frasier is seated at the dinner table, on the phone to the police. 
Eddie is in Martin's chair, staring at Frasier.

Frasier: Yes, I would mind holding again!  Look, I've already held 
         three times!  I'm simply trying to report a few stolen 
         credit cards, but every five seconds...damn it! [He 
         notices Eddie staring] Don't stare at me, Eddie.  I'm 
         a humane man, but right now I could kick a kitten 
         through an electric fan!

Eddie jumps down and runs off down the hall as Martin and Daphne 
enter.  They ad-lib hellos.

 Martin: So, Niles called.  Somebody stole your briefcase, huh? 
Frasier: Yes, all right, Dad, go ahead; tell me how stupid I was to 
         get taken advantage of that way.  It's certainly better than 
         listening to "Jumping Jack Flash" arranged for piano and 
         flute. 
 Martin: I don't think it was stupid.  These guys are pros.  They just 
         need a second and bam, they're out the door. 
Frasier: Well, that's rather refreshing.  I was expecting you to call 
         me every name from a naive dupe to a...
 Martin: Bone-headed rube?
Frasier: But you're not! 
 Martin: No, I'm not.  The important thing is you learned a lesson. 
         You got to keep your guard up.  The world would be a happier 
         place if everybody would remember two little words: People 
         stink.
Frasier: I'm sorry, but that's just a little cynical for me!  I don't 
         want to go through life thinking the worst of people.  I 
         prefer to think of them as basically good and decent. [into 
         phone] Yes, I am here, but you know, I'm sorry, I'm in the 
         middle of a speech right now, so you'll have to hold! 
         [places phone on hold] Truth is, I enjoy my life that way. 
         If the price I have to pay is to replace a few credit cards 
         from time to time, well then, so be it. 
 Daphne: This whole thing reminds me of when I first moved to London. 
         I was very mistrusting of people back then.  I was convinced 
         the way to stay out of harm's way was to walk straight with 
         me eyes cast down, never meeting anyone's glance.  But, 


         finally, I decided that was no way to live.  So one day, I 
         just lifted up my chin and took it all in.  Well, the change 
         was amazing.  There were sights I'd never seen, sounds I'd 
         never heard.  A tiny old man came up to me with a note in his 
         hand.  He needed help.  I realized this was no city full of 
         thieves and muggers.  There were people here who needed me.  
         I took his note, read it, and to this day, I can remember just 
         what I said to that Man: "That's not how you spell 
         ‘fellatio.’"

She exits to her room, leaving Frasier and Martin dumbstruck.

Frasier: So... whose point did she prove?
 Martin: I have no idea.

FADE TO:

Scene Three - KACL.
The next day.  Frasier is finishing up his show.

Frasier: Well, I can't tell you how much fun it's been chatting with 
         you all today, nasty old Gertrude aside.  But, I'd like to 
         close the show with a personal message.  This goes out to the 
         person who stole my briefcase yesterday.  And, as it turns 
         out, also stole my dry cleaning this morning with the claim 
         ticket that was inside.  You need help, and I am here to 
         provide it.  Oh, also, the double-breasted navy blue suit 
         was meant to be worn with French cuffs and medium heel wing 
         tips.  You may be sick, but there's no reason why you 
         shouldn't be stylish.  Until tomorrow, this is Dr. Frasier 
         Crane.

He goes off the air as Roz enters his booth.

    Roz: Man, that was a great show!  It was better than great - it was 
         brilliant.  I can't remember when you were more...
Frasier: What do you want?
    Roz: Okay.  Remember, I told you my girlfriend was coming to town 
         and I might need Friday off?
Frasier: No.
    Roz: No, you don't remember, or no, I can't have Friday off?
Frasier: Take one of each, I'm feeling generous. 

The phone rings in the studio, Frasier puts it on speakerphone.

Frasier: Hello?
    Man: [v.o.] Hi, is this Dr. Crane?
Frasier: Yes, it is.
    Man: Oh man, what a thrill!  I can't believe I got through! 
Frasier: Yes, well, actually, my show is over.  You'll have to call in 
         again tomorrow. 
    Man: That's not why I'm calling.  I think I found your briefcase.
Frasier: Oh, really?  Really, are you sure?
    Man: Pretty sure. 
Frasier: Well, there's a way we can be positive.  Simply turn over the 
         briefcase and in the upper right-hand corner you should find 
         a half-moon-shaped watermark, such as would be left by the 
         careless resting of a champagne flute. 
    Man: It's full of your stuff, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: Oh.  Well, that works as well, yes.  Say, listen, is 
         everything still there?
    Man: Well, there's a nice gold pen, a set of car keys, a date 
         book...


Frasier: What about my wallet?
    Man: Oh, sorry.
Frasier: Well, I suppose that was asking for too much.  Well, how can 
         I get it back?
    Man: I could drop it off.
Frasier: Oh, better yet, why don't you meet me at the Café Nervosa on 
         Pike and Third.  I'd be glad to give you a reward.
    Man: Hey, meeting you is reward enough!  Half an hour okay?
Frasier: That's perfect.  Bye.
    Man: Bye.

He hangs up the phone.

    Roz: Well, that was pretty great.
Frasier: Yes, but not surprising.  Haven't I always told you to have 
         faith in people?
    Roz: Yes, and you were right.  People are basically good.
Frasier: Yes.
    Roz: And fair.
Frasier: Indeed.
    Roz: We do nice things for people in this world because there's a 
         little thing called karma...
Frasier: There's no way you're getting Friday off.

He walks out into the hallway, with Roz whining "Why?" behind him.

FADE TO:

Scene Four – Café Nervosa.
Frasier is waiting at the counter.  Niles enters and holds the door 
open for a pretty blonde woman.

  Niles: Allow me. 

As before, the woman breezes past him without a word.  
He walks over to Frasier in a huff.

  Niles: Do you believe that woman?  That's the second time that's 
         happened to me this week.  I have half a mind to say 
         something. 
Frasier: Well, then why don't you?
  Niles: Oh, you know.  Something happens to me when I talk to a 
         beautiful woman.  From the moment they begin staring into 
         my eyes my knees turn to jelly. 
Frasier: Still, Niles, we both know the only way to break people off 
         their bad habits is by confronting them.

The blonde walks up to the counter and stands next to Niles.

  Niles: Oh, that's true.
Frasier: So? [gestures toward the woman]
 Waiter: Who's next here?
  Woman: [cutting off Niles] I am! I'll have a cafe...
  Niles: Oh, oh, oh, oh!  No, you're not!  You weren't next here, I am! 
         [turns to face her] I suppose people like you who glide 
         through life wrapped in a cozy little cocoon of narcissism 
         never notice such things.  But you'd do well to learn this 
         lesson, sister! [beginning to wobble] There's still such a 
         thing as good manners in this world, and that's why I would 
         like to insist that you let me buy you your coffee and also 
         please try the poppy seed muffins. 
  Woman: Thank you.
  Niles: You're welcome. 


He places some money on the counter and then staggers to a table, 
unsure of what just happened.

Frasier: [sarcastic] Kind of brutal, weren't you?
  Niles: All I remember was, I was next and then the sound of blood 
         thundering through my ears.
Frasier: There, there, Niles.  Soon you'll be home with Maris and 
         you'll forget you were anywhere near a beautiful woman 
         today. [moves toward the window seat] Please, why don't we 
         sit here by the window so we can see him when he comes?
  Niles: Oh, your good Samaritan?
Frasier: Yes.  You know, I have to tell you Niles, I'm feeling rather 
         good about this whole thing.  Granted, I did lose my wallet 
         and my favorite suit.  But, still, mostly everything else was 
         intact.  My date book, my spare set of car keys, my fountain 
         pen.  But, best of all, what has remained intact is my sense 
         that people are basically trustworthy.
  Niles: Frasier, the person who has your car keys asked you to meet 
         him here, knowing you'd bring your car?
Frasier: Now, now... before you launch into one of your little 
         paranoid riffs, my car happens to be...[looks out the 
         window] MOVING DOWN THE STREET!! 

They both rush outside.

Frasier: Oh my god! [o.s.] Stop!  Stop that well-dressed man!

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene One - Frasier's apartment.
Later that evening. Niles sits on the couch, drinking coffee while 
Martin is on the phone with an old cop buddy of his.

 Martin: Yeah, Charlie, it's my son Frasier's car.  So, if you could 
         put a little extra manpower on this, I'd appreciate it. 
         Yeah, I know.  I know, fell for that old scam. [Niles exits 
         to the kitchen] I told him you gotta keep your guard up, but 
         you know Frasier, he always knows better - Mr. Up With 
         People.  Yeah, remember what we used to call guys like him 
         when I was on the force? [laughs, then] Hey, we're still 
         talking about my son here, Charlie!  Yeah, I'll talk to you. 

He hangs up the phone as Frasier enters.

 Martin: Hi Frasier, how's it going?
Frasier: Terribly.  Guess what happened today?
 Martin: What?
Frasier: My car was stolen!
 Martin: [pretending] You're kidding!
Frasier: Yes, once again, I fell victim to a master criminal. 
 Martin: How'd they do it?  Hot-wire it?  Boy, you know, those guys got 
         fingers like concert pianists. 
Frasier: No.  He had the key.
 Martin: Oh, a real pro, huh?  He made a wax impression and then had a 
         duplicate key made?
Frasier: No... It was the same miscreant who stole my briefcase.  He 
         used the spare set that was inside. 
 Martin: What?  He tailed you for a few days, learned your routine, so 
         he'd know where to find the car? 
Frasier: [sheepishly] Not exactly.  He called the station and we 


         agreed to meet.
 Martin: What for?
  Niles: [entering from the kitchen] Low-fat lattes and biscotti.

He and Martin fall apart laughing.

Frasier: Oh, what are you, the town crier?!  Oh, go ahead and laugh! 
         You know, it still doesn't shake my belief in the basic 
         goodness of people. 
 Martin: Well, sure.  He's probably using your car to deliver hot 
         meals to shut-ins. [he and Niles laugh again]
Frasier: Yes, well, I'm glad that my misfortune has given you two so 
         much glee!  But Dad, I have two requests.  First, wipe that 
         father-knows-best smirk off of your face!  I am not a child!
 Martin: And, what's the second request?
Frasier: Can I borrow your car?  I want to go to the movies.

Niles and Martin continue laughing as the scene fades out.

FADE TO:

BRIEFCASE OF LOVE

Scene Two - KACL.
Frasier is giving Daphne a tour of KACL before his show begins.

Frasier: And last stop on our tour, my booth.  Where all the magic 
         happens.
    Roz: Hey Daphne, what are you doing here?
 Daphne: Oh, Dr. Crane needed a lift in, so I decided to come up for 
         a little tour.  Oh, don't mind me.  Just go on about your 
         business.  

She stoops over his console, holds his headphones to her ear, 
and talks into the microphone.

 Daphne: It's not like... I'm listening. [giggles]
    Roz: Have we had one visitor yet who didn't feel the need to do 
         that?
Frasier: Thank you for the ride down, Daphne, but we do have a show 
         to do.  So if you...
 Daphne: You know, people are always telling me I have a natural 
         talent for this. 
Frasier: Yes, yes, of course.  Your soothing voice, your calming 
         manner. [walks her to the door] I could listen to you for 
         hours.
 Daphne: Oh, wow, do you really think so?
Frasier: Oh, yes.  Absolutely.  All right, now get out. [shoves her out 
         the door.]

The phone in the studio rings.

Frasier: Roz, could you get that, please?
    Roz: Sure. [in phone] Hello?  Who's calling please?  Just a second. 
         [to Frasier] It's Denise.  She said she was out with you last 
         night.
Frasier: I wasn't out with anyone named Denise last night.
    Roz: Ooh... speaker phone, speaker phone!
Frasier: Oh, all right. [places it on speaker phone] Hello.  This is 
         Frasier Crane.
 Denise: [v.o.] Hey, tiger.  I miss you already. 
Frasier: I beg your pardon?


 Denise: Oh, I'm sorry to call you at work, but you just snuck out of 
         here this morning without giving me your number and I woke 
         up to see your BMW pulling down my driveway. 
Frasier: [realizing] You did?
 Denise: Mm-hmm.  But I'm not mad.  How can I be after the best first 
         night I ever spent with a man?
Frasier: Denise, could you just hold on for a moment?
 Denise: Sure.

He places the phone on hold.

Frasier: Do you realize what this means?
    Roz: The guy who stole your stuff told her he was you.
Frasier: And it worked!  She slept with him on the first date!  Nobody 
         ever sleeps with me on the first date! [takes phone off 
         hold] Hi, it's me again. 
 Denise: Look, I'm sorry to do this on short notice, but I won't be 
         able to meet you for that drink at Alberto's.  The agency 
         called.  They booked me for a swimsuit layout. 

Frasier is nearly in tears.  Over the phone a horn honks.

 Denise: Oh, there's my cab.  I'll call you tomorrow.  Kisses! 
         [hangs up]

[N.B. The celebrity who plays Denise is uncredited.]

    Roz: Unbelievable!
Frasier: Yes.  Apparently he wasn't content just to steal my 
         possessions.  Now he's after my identity as well!
    Roz: [picking up phone] I'm calling the police.
Frasier: No, Roz, no!  I will handle this myself.  I am going down to 
         Alberto's.
    Roz: You have a show!
Frasier: Just run something from the "Best of Frasier Crane."  This 
         jackal thinks he's meeting Denise down there, but he's going 
         to meet me instead!
    Roz: Are you crazy?!  He could be dangerous!
Frasier: I don't care, Roz!  My god, this man's gone too far.  He's 
         after my very soul now!  What was it Shakespeare wrote?  "He 
         who steals my purse steals trash.  But he who steals my good 
         name steals..."  Well... oh, I forget the rest, but it makes 
         me good and mad!

FADE TO:

Scene Three - Alberto's.
Frasier enters Alberto's just as two men are leaving.  He quickly 
looks them over to see what they are wearing.  He then approaches a 
woman, Heather, seated at the bar.

Frasier: Excuse me.  Have you seen a man in here wearing an impeccably 
         tailored Italian suit?
Heather: Just you.
Frasier: [blushes] Oh, well... thank you.  Giorgio Armani.
Heather: Nice to meet you, Giorgio. [they laugh] My name's Heather.
Frasier: Yes, uh, Frasier Crane, it's a pleasure. [gestures to a 
         barstool next to her] Do you mind? 

She complies and he sits down.

Heather: Wait a minute.  Dr. Frasier Crane from the radio?
Frasier: Yes.


Heather: Well, I've heard your show.  You're great! 
Frasier: Oh, thank you.
Heather: This is exciting! [pauses] Hey, didn't you say on your show 
         the other day that someone had impersonated you at the dry 
         cleaners?
Frasier: Yes, someone did.
Heather: But, how do I know that you're not the impersonator?
Frasier: Oh, good heavens, if you're looking for identification, 
         I... [reaches for his wallet] Uh-oh.
Heather: I thought so. [gets up to leave]
Frasier: Yes, but, he stole my wallet the other day.
Heather: Who did?
Frasier: Frasier did - the bad Frasier.
Heather: You're pretty sick, you know that?  Maybe you ought to just 
         get a life!

She heads for the door.  He follows her.

Frasier: Heather, this is absurd! Can't you recognize my...

She's gone before he can get the chance to explain further. 
He stands at the door for a moment, defeated.  Then, a man enters 
the bar.  He is nowhere near Frasier's size, but Frasier recognizes 
the suit.  He slowly looks the man up and down as the man grows more 
and more nervous.

Frasier: Nice suit.
   Phil: Oh my god, it's you! 

We recognize his voice as the man who called in to Frasier’s show.
He rushes to the door, but Frasier catches him.

Frasier: Oh, no you don't!  You're mine now!
   Phil: All right.  All right, I give up. 

He tries to make another dash for it, but Frasier grabs him.

Frasier: Damn it!  How did you find me?
Frasier: Well, a certain Denise called the station today.  She had to 
         cancel your little rendezvous.
   Phil: Great.  And I put on my best suit.
Frasier: No. You put on my best suit!
   Phil: Well, I guess this is it.  Party's over.  I'm so stupid! [sits 
         at a table] You probably want to call the police, huh? 
Frasier: No.  What I would like to do is throttle you until your eyes 
         shoot across the room like champagne corks!  But I won't, 
         because this is still a civilized world.  But it won't be for 
         long if you lowlifes have your way, because with every 
         wallet you steal, you put bars on someone else's windows! 
         With every purse you snatch, you put mace on another key 
         chain!  Everyday you make our lives a little less livable, 
         and I hope that burns on your conscience!  Well, what do you 
         have to say for yourself?
   Phil: You're right.
Frasier: Oh, oh... I see.  I see.  You think by agreeing with me, 
         I'll let you off the hook.
   Phil: No, I'm saying you're right.  I'm not trying to weasel out of 
         this.  I'm guilty and I deserve what I get.  Look, here's your
         keys.  The car's out front with your briefcase in it. [pulls 
         out a cell phone] Here, go ahead and call the police.  That's 
         your new car phone, by the way.  I upgraded.  I should have 
         known things were gonna turn out like this for me.
Frasier: Oh yes, here it comes - the old sob story.  "Daddy didn't love 


         me.  Mother ignored me.  The bully next door stole my baseball 
         glove."
   Phil: No!  Dad loved me.  Mom spoiled me.  And I was the bully next 
         door. [gesturing to the phone] Say, why don't you let me do 
         that, it's kind of tricky. 
Frasier: Thank you.
   Phil: There's only one person to blame for my problems and that's 
         me. [into phone] Yeah, hi.  The number for the Seattle P.D., 
         please. [to Frasier] I take the easy way out of everything, 
         I always have.  And you want to know why?  I'm lazy.  Lazy, 
         lazy, lazy! [into phone] Oh, sweetheart, I don't have the 
         energy to look for a pencil.  Could you just connect me? 
         Thanks, hon. 
Frasier: You expect me to believe that your entire life of crime can 
         be attributed to your laziness?
   Phil: Hey, it's the truth.  I don't like to work, never have.  And 
         believe me, it's a lot easier to take something than to get 
         a job.  And I'm even a lazy criminal!  A briefcase here, a set 
         of car keys there.  Maybe a little light shoplifting, but a 
         bank robbery?  All that planning and split-second timing?
         Forget it!  And that second-story stuff - the grappling hooks, 
         glass cutters... who does that?! [into phone] Yeah, thank 
         you. [hands phone to Frasier] You're on hold.
Frasier: Story of my week.  You know, you seem to be taking this 
         awfully well. 
   Phil: Well, it's like I said.  It was bound to happen. 
Frasier: Or perhaps... perhaps you wanted to get caught. 
   Phil: Huh?
Frasier: Yes, well, think about it.  You've been taking greater and 
         greater risks.  Isn't that the behavior of a man who wants to 
         get caught?
   Phil: I'm telling ya, Doc - lazy! [lifts up his leg] Look at your 
         pants, for god's sake!  You'd think I'd take them in to be 
         hemmed, right?  Staples! 
Frasier: [horrified] Oh, dear god!
   Phil: Staples!
Frasier: Well, I still say that you really wanted to get caught. 
         [sits] It's a classic cri de couer. 
   Phil: Cri de what?
Frasier: Well, it's a ballet, it... it just means that you don't like 
         the life that you're living.
   Phil: Well, it's not a great life.  Half the time I don't know 
         where my next month's rent is coming from.  And I haven't 
         been in a solid relationship in I don't know how long. 
Frasier: Then why don't you change?
   Phil: Haven't we been over this? [shouting] Gimme an "L", gimme an 
         "A"...
Frasier: As a psychiatrist, I just don't buy that.  You're not lazy. 
         What you are is afraid.  There are any number of things you 
         could do in a legitimate world.  You're just afraid to try 
         one of them and fail at it.
   Phil: You really think I can change?
Frasier: Yes.  I believe everyone can change because I believe in the 
         basic goodness of people. [into phone] Oh yes, hello.  Yes, 
         uh...just a moment, please. [to Phil] Start now.  Take 
         responsibility for yourself. [offers the phone to him] For 
         once, don't take the easy way out. 
   Phil: [into phone] Hello.  Yeah, I'd like to report a crime. 

Frasier looks pleased with himself.  Suddenly, Heather, the woman 
from the bar, returns with a couple of police officers.

Heather: [pointing at Frasier] There he is.  He's the man who's been 


         impersonating Frasier Crane.
Officer: All right, let's go.
Frasier: Oh, what are you talking about?  I am Frasier Crane! 
Officer: Do you have identification?
Frasier: Well, no... no.  But it's the truth! [to Phil] Tell them.  
   Phil: Thank god you got here when you did, officer!  I detained him 
         as long as I could! 
Frasier: What?!
Officer: [grabbing Frasier's arm] Move it!
Frasier: But he's lying!  He's the imposter!  Don't you people 
         recognize me?! 

They start dragging him to the door.

Frasier: Oh, for goodness sake!  This is madness!  I can't believe 
         this is happening! [shouting] People of the world, listen 
         to me!  Trust no one, especially THAT lazy bastard!

END OF ACT TWO

Credits:

Niles walks into the Café Nervosa and tries again to hold the door 
open for the pretty blonde lady.  This time, however, she stops to 
shake his hand and thank him.  He is clearly pleased with this. 
She leaves and he then walks over to join Frasier at a table. 

He appears to be very happy about this turn of events.  As he talks, 
he starts to check the time and realizes his watch is missing.  Knowing 
that the blonde must have taken it, he jumps up and rushes out the door 
after her.

Guest Appearances

 Special Guest Star
 NATHAN LANE as Phil
 
 Guest Starring
 JOAN McMURTREY as Heather
 BERNARD KUBY as Priest
 KAREN PERSON as Customer
 JAMES WILLETT as Cop
 PAUL CUSIMANO as Waiter

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley & Andrea Day.
 This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


