
[2.15]You Scratch My Book...

You Scratch My Book...                      Written by Joe Keenan    
                                            Directed by Andy Ackerman
=====================================================================
Production Code: 2.15
Episode Number In Production Order: 38
Original Airdate on NBC: 14th February 1995
Episode filmed on 
Transcript written on June 10th, 2000
Transcript revised on February 8th, 2003
Transcript revised 2nd on April 6th, 2004

Transcript {David Langley}

ACT ONE

Scene One - Frasier's Apartment.
Fade in.  
Frasier and Martin are coming in the front door.

 Martin: Ah, I still say when some guy grabs your parking space, 
         you don't just sit there, you say something.
Frasier: Dad, when a man has no front teeth and stitches on his nose, 
         I think it's safe to assume he's sensitive to criticism.
 Martin: [picking up a box] What's this?
Frasier: Oh, must be one of those inspirational tapes that Daphne's 
         always listening to. [Daphne comes in from her room.] Oh, 
         my God, “Here, Have a Rainbow,” by Dr. Honey Snow.  Daphne, 
         how can you listen to this stuff ?  It's absolute drivel.
 Daphne: Well, for someone who writes drivel, she's awfully popular.
Frasier: Oh, really, fancy that.  She tells everyone that they're 
         perfectly wonderful and that nothing wrong is ever their 
         fault.  What do you know, they like it.
 Daphne: There's a lot more to it than that.  You should try reading 
         one of her books.

The doorbell rings, Frasier goes to get it.

Frasier: Yes, well I have.  Believe me, after one page, I was 
         yearning for the worldly cynicism of Barney the Dinosaur.

He opens the door to reveal Niles.

Frasier: Hello, Niles, to what do we owe this pleasure?
  Niles: Brace yourselves kids, it's raffle time!
Frasier: Oh, God.
 Martin: Not again.
  Niles: ‘Fraid so. [notices tape] Oh ye gods, who's been plumbing 
         the shallows of Dr. Honey Snow?
 Daphne: I have.
  Niles: Insightful, isn't she? [Daphne is not amused.] Anyway, 
         tickets are only ten dollars, it all goes to support 
         Maris's little opera group.
Frasier: Dear God, what is the grand prize this year?
  Niles: Their lead soprano, Mrs. Fitzgibbons, will come to your 


         home and perform “The Ride of the Valkyries.” [off their 
         looks] We've sold eight hundred tickets, so the risk is 
         pretty minimal.
Frasier: All right.
  Niles: In return, let me offer you a hot stock tip: VectorComp 
         Software.  Wendel assures me they can't miss.
 Martin: Who's Wendel?
  Niles: My new broker.  Every stock he's put me onto has paid off.  
         The man is positively clairvoyant.
 Daphne: You know, I've got a bit tucked away.  Maybe I ought to 
         take a little chance with your Wendel.
  Niles: I should warn you, it's not a sure thing. 
 Daphne: Oh, nothing in life is a sure thing, but Dr. Snow has a 
         little saying: Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Frasier: She'd better copyright that before some unscrupulous hack 
         steals it.
 Daphne: I'll go in for five hundred.  That's a lot for me, but I 
         don't know; I have a little feeling I'm in for a bit of 
         luck.  All right, I better get ready.  I'm off to the Book 
         Nook.  Dr. Snow is signing copies of her new best seller.
 Martin: Hey, wait a minute.  You're going out?  What about my 
         whirlpool therapy?
 Daphne: Oh, right, I forgot.  Maybe you could go to the book signing 
         for me, Dr. Crane.  It's right around the corner from the 
         station.
Frasier: I would sooner attend a hoe-down.
  Niles: I would gladly go, but I've got my compulsive spending 
         seminar, and I'm hoping to unload the rest of these raffle 
         tickets.
 Martin: What's the big deal?
Frasier: I have my reputation to think of.
  Niles: What's the big deal?
Frasier: All right, if it will make you all happy to see me 
         humiliate myself.
 Martin: I always get a kick out of it.
 Daphne: Thanks ever so.
Frasier: Yes, well... [noticing Eddie rolling around on the floor] Oh, look 
         everyone!  Eddie has found his inner puppy!

Daphne glares at him, then walks off.  

FADE OUT

ARE THERE ANY MORE LIKE

YOU AT THE INSTITUTE?

Scene Two - The Book Nook
Fade in.  
Roz and Frasier enter.

Frasier: I promise this'll just take a minute.
    Roz: Well, I hope so, I barely got an hour for lunch.  Oh, God, 
         not another one of those Honey Snow books.
Frasier: [reading the cover] “Don't Change, You're Perfect.”
    Roz: Can you believe people go for this junk?
Frasier: It's unbelievable.  Here, get her autograph for me, will 
         you? [Roz gives him a “What?!” look] She's sitting right 
         behind those people over there.  Just go get it signed and 
         then we'll get out of here, go have a nice lunch at Le 
         Cigare Volant.
    Roz: Me?  Why don't you do it?
Frasier: I have my reputation to think of!


    Roz: Oh, what's the big deal? [off his glare] All right.

He picks up another copy and looks it over.  A woman comes up.

  Woman: Oh, it's wonderful isn't it?  I just love what she says 
         about finding a moment each day to stop and give yourself 
         a mental hug.
Frasier: I'm giving myself one now.
  Woman: Really?
Frasier: Well actually it's more of a Heimlich maneuver.

Roz comes back.

    Roz: Got it.
Frasier: Good, good.  Let's buy it and get out of here.
    Roz: Nope, nope, not so fast.  She wants to meet you.  
Frasier: Roz, I don't want to meet the woman, let's just go.
    Roz: Uh, Frasier, do you know what Honey Snow looks like?
Frasier: What difference could that make?  The woman stands for 
         everything that I find totally...

Dr. Honey Snow walks up.  She is tall, blonde and buxom.

Frasier: ...enchanting.
  Honey: Hello.  I'm Dr. Honey Snow.
Frasier: And I'm... wait, don't tell me, Dr. Frasier Crane.
  Honey: Well, Dr. Crane, let me shake your hand.  Oh, what am 
         I saying?  Hug.
Frasier: Why not?

They hug.

  Honey: After all, a handshake is just a hug for fraidy-cats.
Frasier: No fear here.
  Honey: I am one of your biggest fans
Frasier: And I've recently become one of yours.
  Honey: I think the advice you give is so simple, yet so brilliant.
Frasier: Well, what about those mental hugs of yours?  It can't get
         much simpler than that.
    Roz: You know, I think I'll just go get started on my appetizer.
Frasier: Oh, yes, you start without me.  All I really want is a 
         little nibble.
    Roz: Oh, tell me.
  Honey: You know, I really should get back to my signing, but I'd 
         love to talk more.  There seems to be such a positive 
         energy between us.  My publisher is giving me a dinner 
         tonight at seven at Bianchi's.  Would you come as my guest?
Frasier: I'd love to. 
  Honey: Well that's great.
Frasier: Well it was nice meeting you, Dr. Snow.
  Honey: Oh, please, it's Honey.  

She goes back to the signing.

Frasier: It certainly is...

FADE TO:

Scene Three - Frasier's Apartment
Fade in.  

YOU SCRATCH MY BOOK...


Martin is watching a horse race on television.  Daphne opens the door 
for Niles.

 Daphne: Good evening, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Good evening Daphne, Dad.  Ooh, watching the sport of kings, 
         I see.  Which horse did you wager on?
 Martin: Joe's Dream, number eight.
  Niles: Goodness, he seems to be taking a serene, almost Buddhist 
         approach to the race.

Marin, disgusted, turns off the set.

  Niles: Perhaps you should have invested in something more reliable.  
         Like VectorComp Software.
 Daphne: Our stock.  Did it go up a bit?
  Niles: No, it went up a lot.  Thanks to a takeover bid, it gained 
         forty percent overnight.  Wendel advised selling, so, voila, 
         your original five hundred investment plus two hundred 
         profit. [He gives her a check.]
 Daphne: Two hundred?  Oh, Dr. Crane, I could kiss you! 

She kisses him on the cheek and hugs him tightly.  Niles is stunned.

 Martin: Oh, that's a nice little dividend.
  Niles: [sitting down on the arm of the couch] I'll say.
 Daphne: You have to help me decide what to do with it.
  Niles: Well, you might want to consider letting Wendel reinvest it.  
         That's what I'm doing.  It's called "rolling it over."

Frasier comes in.

 Daphne: Then I'll do it.  Oh, this is so exciting!
Frasier: What's all this?
 Daphne: [writing a check] Well, your brother just gave me two hundred 
         dollars, and now he's going to roll me over.

Niles freezes, torn between mortification and fantasy.  Long silence.

Frasier: Niles?
  Niles: Communications breakdown.
Frasier: Good.
  Niles: What are you all dressed for.  Hot date?
Frasier: As a matter of fact, yes.
  Niles: With whom?
 Martin: [smugly] Dr. Honey Snow.
Frasier: Did it ever occur to you that I might not want Niles to know
         who I'm dating?
 Martin: Sure it did.  Right before I said it.
  Niles: You're dating Dr. Honey Snow?  I thought you considered her 
         a complete ninny.  What could you possibly see in this- 
         [Martin holds up the dust jacket photo] Whoa-hoh, mama!
 Martin: One hell of a cute shrink, huh?  Not a man alive wouldn't 
         let her analyze his dreams.
Frasier: Analyze them?  She could star in them.
  Niles: Yes, yes, but what on Earth do you say to her when she 
         wants to discuss her work?
Frasier: Well, I just simply skirt the issue.
  Niles: Of course.  “Honey, I think your books are just - oh look!  
         The waiter's on fire!”

The doorbell rings, Frasier goes to get it.

Frasier: You're just jealous.  But not half as jealous as you're 


         about to be.  I suggest you get a coaster for your lower 
         lip.

He opens the door, it is Honey.

  Honey: Hi, honey.
Frasier: Hi, Honey.  Allow me to make the introductions.  Daphne 
         Moon, Honey Snow; Honey Snow, Daphne Moon.  She's a big 
         fan of yours.
   Both: Hug! [they hug]
 Daphne: We've both got sort of unusual names.  Daphne Moon, Honey 
         Snow.  Come to think of it, if you married my father, 
         your name would be Honey Moon.

Frasier, exasperated, sort of shoos her away.

Frasier: My father, Martin Crane.
  Honey: Oh, hello.  Well it's easy to see where Frasier gets his 
         good looks.
 Martin: Ah, get outta here.
Frasier: And, last but not least, my brother Niles.
  Honey: Oh, Dr. Niles Crane.  I read a wonderful article you wrote 
         in the Journal of Psychiatric Medicine.  Let's see:  
         “Gestalt Therapy, Probing the Subconscious.”
  Niles: Yes.  And I believe I read your quiz in Cosmo: “Is Your 
         Guy a Stud or a Dud?”
Frasier: Perhaps we should be going.
  Honey: Well, actually, not yet.  I have something I want to give 
         you.
Frasier: Oh?
  Honey: [handing him a box] It's a manuscript of my upcoming book.
Frasier: Oh.  Another one?  So soon? 
  Honey: I hope you like it, Frasier.  Because if you do, I'd love 
         for you to write the foreword.
Frasier: Me?
  Niles: [taking the manuscript] Who better?
Frasier: Well, actually there's so many other people that would be 
         more qualified to write for such an important work.
  Honey: Well, if I didn't know better, I'd think you didn't want to 
         do it.
Frasier: Oh, no, no, no, no.  It's a great honor.
 Daphne: I'll say.  The last book had an introduction by Mickey 
         Rooney.
 Martin: Wow.
Frasier: Well there's no two ways about it, then.  I'm writing that 
         foreword.
  Honey: Oh, that's great.
 Daphne: Just think.  By next fall there'll be half a million copies 
         in print with your name right on the cover.
  Niles: I've got my Christmas shopping done!

Frasier gives him a sour look as he leaves with Honey.  

FADE OUT

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene One - Frasier's Apartment

SHRINK RAP


Frasier is typing on his laptop.  Niles is reading Honey's manuscript, 
giggling uncontrollably.

Frasier: Niles, will you please stop giggling?  It's very distracting.
  Niles: I can't help it.  Have you read this?
Frasier: I'm trying to recommend the book.  Reading it doesn't help.  
         Okay, here, how's this: “Many great volumes have been written 
         about human behavior.  And I can honestly say, without fear 
         of contradiction, that this book can stand on the shelf 
         next to any of them.” [off Niles's look] No good, is it?
  Niles: No, no but this is: [reading from the manuscript] “You don't 
         have to be a star to twinkle.”  Frasier, I need a hug.
Frasier: Oh, Niles, will you please help me?  Honey asked me to 
         write this foreword two weeks ago, she's got a deadline, 
         she's been wondering where it is.
  Niles: “Time is a concept known only to one of God's creatures: man.  
         Just for today, be a sunflower.” [points to a paragraph in the 
         manuscript and giggles]
Frasier: Oh, give me that!  Niles, you just don't understand what's at 
         stake here.  I've never felt this way about a woman before.  
         I'm out of control.  Her effect on me, it's, it's... there are 
         no words to describe it, really, it's more like a sound... 
         [He makes a growling noise.] 

Martin comes in with Eddie.

 Martin: Talkin' about Honey again?
Frasier: Yes.
  Niles: Frankly, I find it laughable that you're even considering 
         putting your name on five hundred thousand copies of this 
         piffle.  Not even piffle.  It's piffle light.

Martin hangs up his coat.

 Martin: Ah, lay off your brother.  Some women just have a gift for
         makin' guys do stupid things.  When I was on traffic duty,
         there was this one cute little redhead, she could talk her
         way out of any ticket.  She could be doin' ninety with a
         school crossing guard spread-eagled on her hood.  She'd
         flash that pouty little smile of hers and no matter what my
         partner'd say, I’d just wag my finger and send her on her way.
Frasier: Yes, it's the old "Good Cop, Horny Cop" routine.

Daphne comes in wearing a nice coat and carrying shopping bags.

 Daphne: Oh, good, you're all here.  I want to show off me new coat.
  Niles: Very nice, Daphne.
 Daphne: Yes, I've been spending like a drunken yuppie.  Oh, I'm 
         afraid I went a bit over my budget.
  Niles: Well, if it's cash flow you're concerned about, you should 
         know I got a little call from Wendel today.
 Martin: What, again?  What's that, four times in two weeks?
  Niles: Yes, the man's a wizard.  Daphne, your profit. [gives her 
         a check]
 Daphne: Four hundred dollars?  Oh, Dr. Crane! [She kisses him.]  
         And here's one for Wendel. [She kisses his other cheek.]
  Niles: Did I mention Wendel has a secretary? [He puckers up.]
 Daphne: Oh, you! [Swats him on the stomach.]
 Martin: Well, I'd say this calls for a celebration.
 Daphne: Tell you what, I'll take you all out for a nice dinner, my 
         treat.  I'll just go and put on me new dress and we'll be
         off.  I want you to put on your new shirt with your brown 
         corduroy slacks.


 Martin: Hey, if you're buyin', I'm gonna wear elastic waist pants 
         and no belt. 

Martin and Daphne exit to their rooms.

Frasier: Well, Niles, that broker of yours, he's a marvel!
  Niles: Yes, he's doing wonderful things for me.
Frasier: [knowingly] Yes, I'd say so.  I've been so impressed with his 
         winning streak lately that I asked Daphne what her latest pick 
         was.  I invested a few hundred myself.
  Niles: [nervous] Really?  Well, congratulations.
Frasier: Thank you.  But there's just one thing, though, it's very hard 
         to figure out.  Although I invested in the very same stock 
         that Daphne did, mine declined and hers went up.  How do you 
         explain that?
  Niles: Obviously, one of us is lying, Frasier.  

Niles puts on his coat.

  Niles: What are you up to?
Frasier: Fess up, Niles, this whole stock thing was a lie from the 
         get-go.
  Niles: No, no, that's not true.  The first stock really did pay off, 
         but then the rest all tanked.  And what was I supposed to do?  
         Tell that poor, working-class Venus I'd lost her life savings?  
         I had to pay her back and if I threw in a little extra - well, 
         where's the harm in that?
Frasier: Niles, you are giving a woman money in order to obtain 
         physical affection!  We are talking the world's oldest 
         profession.  Granted, this is sort of the Walt Disney 
         version, but still.  It's wrong, and I insist you stop it.
  Niles: No.  It's altruistic, it's noble, it's fun, and you can't 
         make me stop.
 Daphne: [coming back out] Well, Dr. Crane, I want you to take this 
         four hundred dollars back and buy whatever Wendel says.
  Niles: Consider it done.

Martin comes out.

Frasier: You know, Niles, I've been thinking maybe I should get on 
         that gravy train myself.  Tell Wendel I'm in for ten thousand.
 Daphne: Good lord, ten thousand dollars, Dr. Crane?
Frasier: Yes, well just think of the dinner I'll be able to buy when 
         Niles brings me my profits.
 Martin: Well, what the hell, put me down for a couple of hundred.  
         This guy's some kind of genie!
  Niles: Yes, he's a real treasure, isn't he?  I only hope those 
         chest pains he was complaining about this morning turn out
         to be indigestion.
 Daphne: So, shall we go then?  I've decided on Farmer Jack's 
         Chicken, Chicken, Chicken.  I hear the chicken there is 
         very good.
 Martin: Are you comin'?
  Niles: Oh, you two run along.  I'll take my car. 

Daphne and Martin leave.

  Niles: Well, I hope you're happy!
Frasier: Snap out of it.  What you were doing was completely dishonest. 
  Niles: Ooh, said the pot to the kettle!  
Frasier: What is that supposed to mean?
  Niles: I think you know what it means.
Frasier: Don't be ridiculous!  Our two situations are totally 


         different.
  Niles: Oh, really?  How so?
Frasier: Well, for one thing, you've been misleading a woman for 
         your own selfish gain.
  Niles: And so are you!
Frasier: Well, I'm not finished.  She was also... trusting you to tell 
         the truth.
  Niles: Oh, and the difference would be?
Frasier: Your woman is English!
  Niles: Frasier, you've lost this one.
Frasier: I know.  I know.  Just going to take a little while to climb 
         down off of this particular high horse.
  Niles: I think you know what you have to do.
Frasier: Yes. [stricken, puts a hand to his heart] I have to tell her 
         I can't write the foreword.  Oh, Niles, and I have to say 
         goodbye to the chance of ever sleeping with absolute 
         perfection.  Oh, Niles, where oh where will I ever have the 
         chance again to gaze upon such extraordinarily proud supple 
         breasts?
  Niles: Not to worry, brother.  That's the manager's special at 
         Farmer Jack's Chicken, Chicken, Chicken.

Frasier is not amused.  

FADE TO:

Scene Two - Honey's Hotel Room
Fade in.  
Honey and Frasier come in, Frasier waits at the door.

  Honey: That was a wonderful dinner, thank you.
Frasier: Yes, well thank you for the fabulous table.  I think hugging 
         the maitre d' really clinched it.
  Honey: Would you care for a nightcap?
Frasier: Sure. [He comes in.]
  Honey: You know, you seemed really tense all evening.  But I have 
         just the thing.  It's a sandalwood candle.  The scent is 
         guaranteed to calm you down.

She lights the candle and breathes deeply, in and out, motioning up and
down her body - and making Frasier extremely hot.

Frasier: You better fire up about ten of those.  You know, there's 
         something I'd really like to talk to you about.  It's about 
         that foreword I've been trying to write for you.
  Honey: Can we not talk about work tonight, Frasier?  I've been 
         chained to my desk all day researching an article I'm doing 
         on sexual intimacy.  I am up to here with “The Joy of Sex,” 
         “Kama Sutra,” Masters and Johnson...
Frasier: [turned on] Really?
  Honey: I feel like I've been reading recipes all day, only there 
         are no groceries in the house.
Frasier: Well, your bag-boy has arrived.

They kiss.

Frasier: No, no, no, no, I really need to discuss this now.
  Honey: Oh, you.  You are such a workaholic.  I only hope you're 
         this tireless about everything.

She drops her coat, revealing her low-cut evening dress.


Frasier: Oh, I don't think you'll have any complaints. [He starts 
         to take his tie off.] No, no, no, I've got to focus on the
         subject at hand. [straightens his tie]
  Honey: Frasier, tonight I am the subject at hand.  

They start to make out and fall to the couch.

Frasier: No, no, Honey, I can't do it!
  Honey: Oh, that's all right, I have a candle for that too.
Frasier: No, no, I, I can't write the foreword.
  Honey: Well, why not?
Frasier: Well, I, I just didn't think it was a very good book.  I think 
         the world of you and I wish you the greatest success, but I 
         didn't think the book was good enough to put my name on it. 
         I guess I'll be going now.

He starts to rise, but she puts a hand on his shoulder.

  Honey: I am so attracted to you right now.  Most men are so eager 
         to have sex they'll say anything to a woman.  How great to 
         meet a man who would risk rejection rather than be dishonest.
Frasier: Well, I, uh... have to be true to my inner voice.
  Honey: You know, frankly I thought the book was weak myself.  
         I rushed it to meet a deadline.  I am so glad you respected 
         me enough to be honest.  I think honesty is the greatest 
         aphrodisiac of all.
Frasier: I hope you feel you can be just as honest to me.
  Honey: Oh, I do, I do.  Tell me everything.  I don't want us to 
         hide anything.

They start to make out.

Frasier: I thought your chapter titles were clumsy and jejune.  
         Your turn.
  Honey: You use way too much French in everyday conversation.  You 
         go.
Frasier: I think that sandalwood stinks.
  Honey: Oh, when you talk about wine, I wish I had a gun.
Frasier: I thought your first three books were trite and saccharine.  

She freezes.

Frasier: It's your turn Honey.  Honey?
  Honey: [pulling away] I am immensely proud of my first three 
         books.
Frasier: As well you should be. 
  Honey: You thought they were trite?
Frasier: Oh, well, I meant “trite” in its best sense.  As in the 
         phrase “trite and true.”
  Honey: And what about "saccharine"?
Frasier: I love saccharine.  Use it every day.
  Honey: Well, I'm glad you like saccharine, darling, because there's 
         no way you're getting any “honey.”  Good night, Frasier.

She gets up and holds the door open.

Frasier: Honey, I'm sorry, I really am.  Couldn't we try one of your 
         forgiveness exercises?
  Honey: Good night, Frasier.
Frasier: Hug?
  Honey: You know, a poet once said something about the world that 
         I think applies to our relationship: “It ends, not with a 
         bang, but with a whimper.”

Frasier whimpers as he exits.  FADE OUT.

Credits:

Daphne, Martin, Frasier and Niles sit on the couch, dumbfounded.  
We pan across to Mrs. Fitzgibbons, in costume, belting out Wagner.  
We continue panning to find Eddie apparently trying to dig a hole 
in Martin's chair to hide in.


Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 SHANNON TWEED as Honey
 LAURA WATERBURY as Fan
 

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley, David 
 Langley. This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright 
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


