
[2.24] Dark Victory

Dark Victory                             Written by Christopher Lloyd 
                                                       & Linda Morris 
                                                         & Vic Rauseo 
                                         Directed by James Burrows
=====================================================================
Production Code: 2.24
Episode Number In Production Order: 48
Original Airdate on NBC: 23rd May 1995
Episode filmed on
Transcript written on 12th July 2000
Transcript revised on 8th February 2003

Transcript {Iain McCallum}

ACT ONE

Scene One – KACL
Frasier is doing his show.

 Frasier: Well, Caroline, if you've been in therapy for two years and 
          you're feeling like you're no longer making any progress, 
          perhaps you've reached a plateau, or you and your therapist 
          have simply gone as far as you can together.
Caroline: [v.o] Maybe it is time for a change.  He's kind of dry and 
          long-winded.
 Frasier: Well, two years is certainly a long time to spend with a 
          psychiatrist you find dry and long-winded.
     Roz: A-men to that!
Caroline: Thanks, Dr. Crane.  You've given me a lot to think 
          about.  Would it be OK if I called back sometime and picked 
          your brains?
 Frasier: Well, just consider me your mental banjo.  Well, that's it 
          for this fine Friday, Seattle.  This is Frasier Crane saying, 
          "we'll see you next week."
     Roz: [coming into the studio] Good show, Frasier.
 Frasier: [exhausted] Oh, Roz.  I've been waiting for this moment the 
          entire week. [slowly takes off his headphones in happiness]
     Roz: That's what I love about you, Frasier.  You work hard and you
          play hard.
 Frasier: Roz, you have no idea how much I've been looking forward to 
          this weekend.  There comes a time when even the most
          conscientious of psychiatrists has had his fill of other 
          people's problems.

A delivery boy opens the studio door with a package.

Delivery Boy: Hi.  Is one of you Roz Doyle?
     Frasier: Yes... that's all the clues we're going to give you.

The delivery boy hands Roz the package, which she signs for and he 
leaves.

Frasier: A little offering from one of your suitors perhaps?  A nice 
         string of pearls?  A teardrop pendant?


    Roz: [opening package and tearfully turning to Frasier] It's a 
         brick of cheese!
Frasier: Well, on the right chain I can see that looking smart.
    Roz: It's from my family.  They're in Wisconsin at my Uncle's 
         dairy farm having a family reunion.
Frasier: Oh, why didn't you go, Roz?
    Roz: There wasn't time.  But now I wish I'd gone.  Frasier, we 
         always have so much fun.  Like this one time there was this 
         huge cheese party and one of my uncles started speaking in 
         cheese language.  You know, like instead of saying, "Hello, 
         how are you?" he'd say, "Hello, Havardy."  Someone else would 
         go "Oh, I'm Gouda."  Oh I don't know, what would come after 
         that?
Frasier: If I'd been there, the sound of a gunshot!
    Roz: [tearful] Don't make fun.  I miss those people.
Frasier: Oh, Roz, oh... [going to console her] There, there.
    Roz: We play games and sing songs.
Frasier: Oh, of course.  I know.
    Roz: And Aunt Libby does cannonballs into the lake.
Frasier: Oh yes, the memories must be...
    Roz: And Uncle Ned has too much to drink and he starts putting 
         pants on all the cows!
Frasier: Listen, Roz.  If what you're looking for is family fun 
         tonight, why don't you come to my place?  It's my Dad's 
         birthday.  I completely forgot about it last year and I'm 
         going to make up for it this year.  There's just one rule.  
         No work, just a good time.
    Roz: Frasier, I don't think I'd be much fun.
Frasier: Roz, I insist.  There's no one I enjoy partying with more 
         than you and I just hate to see you like this.  I Camembert 
         it!
    Roz: [crying] Oh.  So sweet.

FADE OUT

WHAT IF HE HAD TAKEN A REALLY BIG BREATH?

Scene Two – Frasier's Apartment
Frasier comes into the apartment with a cake, parcels and food. 
Eddie is lying on the couch. Martin and Daphne are nowhere to be 
seen.

Frasier: All right, it's someone's birthday!  I hope you're all in the 
         mood for a party.  I know I am.
 Daphne: [from the kitchen] YOU'RE BLOODY IMPOSSIBLE!
 Martin: [from the kitchen] AND YOU'RE A BLOODY NAG!
 Daphne: DON'T YOU SHAKE THAT CANE AT ME!
 Martin: QUACK QUACK QUACK - hey!

The cane comes flying out the kitchen followed by Martin.  
Daphne storms out after him.

Frasier: Oh, for heaven's sake, not again!
 Martin: Just decided what I want for my birthday: fire Daphne!
 Daphne: You'd have to re-hire me first, because I quit!  I hope 
         I never see this place or that hateful old canker sore 
         ever again.
Frasier: Okay, what is it this time?
 Daphne: The usual.  I ask him to do his exercises and he twists his 
         face up like a mewling little baby.
 Martin: Why don't you tell him how you asked me to do it - by pouring 
         my beer down the sink and banging on the spaghetti pot with 


         a wooden spoon?
 Daphne: I'm here for your health.  I don't have to be your friend.
 Martin: Well, that's good!  Because I've got a friend here [gestures 
         to Eddie] who doesn't happen to be a yammering nag!
 Daphne: [throwing Martin's cane away] Eddie, fetch.
Frasier: [catching the cane] Oh, stop this!  You two are having the 
         same argument all the time.  You can just pick this up again 
         tomorrow.  Tonight we are going to have a party.  Dad, I went 
         down and got your favorite lemon cake.  I also got some snacks 
         and some champagne.  Can we all just agree to try and have a 
         little fun this evening? [The doorbell rings] Now that is  
         probably Roz.  She's been very down this week and what she's 
         in need of is a very happy and carefree environment.  Frankly, 
         I could use the same thing.  Now can we just agree to maybe a 
         truce?
 Martin/Daphne: [muttering over each other] Yeah, well if she keeps her 
         mouth shut.../If he can keep his big...

Frasier opens the door to Roz.

Frasier: Roz! [kisses her hello]
    Roz: Hey, Martin. 
 Martin: Hey!
    Roz: [holding up a parcel] Happy Birthday!
 Martin: Oh, you didn't have to do this. [looks inside and laughs] Hey, 
         thanks, Roz! [pulls out a six-pack of Ballantines] I'll have 
         to model it for you later.
 Daphne: He's already modeling the last one someone gave him.
 Martin: Quack!
Frasier: Listen, I have a very nice evening planned.  Can we all just 
         try to be civil?

The doorbell rings and Frasier goes to answer.  It's Niles.

  Niles: [storming in] You unprincipled charlatan!  You unconscionable 
         fraud! [turning to Martin] Happy Birthday, Dad. 
 Martin: Thanks.
Frasier: Niles, what are you talking about?
  Niles: You spoke to a patient of mine today, Caroline.  As a result 
         of your fast-food approach to psychiatry, she left me!
Frasier: Caroline was your patient?
  Niles: Two years of my hard work wiped out by one of your two- 
         minute McSessions.
Frasier: Niles, I merely suggested that she consider a change.
  Niles: Based on what diagnostic method?  One potato, two potato?
 Daphne: Oh, fancy that.  A member of the Crane family who doesn't take 
         the time to do something.
 Martin: Quack!
  Niles: Exactly, Dad. [at Frasier] Quack.
 Martin: [pointing his cane in Daphne's direction] I was talking to 
         her.
  Niles: Don't you raise your cane at her!

An unholy rabble begins with everyone arguing and trying to talk 
over one another.  Roz decides she's had enough and tiptoes away to 
the front door which Frasier suddenly notices.

Frasier: NO, WAIT!  Roz, where are you going?
    Roz: I think I'd better leave.
Frasier: We were just talking.  That wasn't fighting.  We were talking.
    Roz: I'd really just rather be by myself.  Thanks, guys.  I had a 
         wonderful time.
Frasier: [shutting the door behind Roz] Well, I hope you're happy. 


         You've ruined her evening.
 Martin: Her evening?  It's my birthday.
 Daphne: Right.  Well, let's get that underway right now.  Who’s ready 
         for cake?

Daphne slams the cake down on the table and stabs a candle into it.

 Martin: I certainly don't want to keep anybody here a second longer 
         than they have to be so let's get this over with.  Thanks for
         a great party!

Martin blows out his candle and the entire household is plunged into 
darkness.

  Niles: Well, there's nothing wrong with Dad's lungs.
 Daphne: Every light in the city is out.  It must be a blackout.
Frasier: Don't panic.  There's certainly worse places we could all be 
         in a blackout.  
  Niles: Like the elevator. 
Frasier: [realizes] Oh my God, Roz!
 Martin: Why couldn't it be Daphne? [there is a crash and a bang] 
         STOP DOING THAT!

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH YOUR TELEVISION

(IT'S A BLACKOUT)

Scene Three – Frasier's Apartment
The apartment is still in darkness.  All that can be heard are voices.

 Daphne: We just need to get some light in here.
 Martin: Eddie, where are you?
 Daphne: Oh, excuse me, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Quite all right, Daphne.
Frasier: Oh, Daphne, where are the hurricane lamps?
 Daphne: They're in the kitchen.  I'll get them.
Frasier: All right.  Dad, why don't you light a fire?
 Daphne: Oh, excuse me, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Not your fault, Daphne.
 Martin: Eddie!  Where are you, Eddie?

There is a sound of a crash and a muffled bark.

Frasier: [annoyed] I've found him!

Daphne lights a hurricane lamp and some light is restored to the 
apartment.  Niles, who has been hovering near her, quickly backs
away.

 Daphne: Well, that's better.
 Martin: I'm going to go get my radio.  See what the hell's going on.
Frasier: [struggling up off the floor] All right.

The front door opens to reveal Roz.

Frasier: Oh Roz, Roz!  You’re all right.
    Roz: I'm fine.  The blackout hit just as the elevator doors opened 
         on the fourteenth floor.  So I stood in the hallway trying to 
         decide whether to come back in here with you guys or take my 


         chances on the pitch-black streets with the muggers and the 
         weirdos.  So I went down a couple of flights... and then I 
         changed my mind.  Meanwhile someone's probably looting my 
         apartment!
  Niles: Yes.  I hear there's a thriving black market in badly- 
         designed Formica coffee tables.
    Roz: At least I have my own sense of style.  You won't even buy 
         a chair unless some fey French aristocrat has sat his fat 
         satin fanny in it!
  Niles: Louis the Fourteenth was not fey!  Everyone wore garters in 
         the eighteenth century.

Niles and Roz begin arguing with each other which Frasier is forced 
to break up.

Frasier: People... people... [they keep arguing] SILENCE, ENFANTS!!!  
         [they shut up] Now we can all sit here in the dark and be 
         miserable or we can try to have some fun.
  Niles: I'm going to call Maris.
Frasier: Well, Niles has voted.  Who votes for fun?
    Roz: I'm going to go and get a big glass of wine.
 Daphne: Well, it looks like the steaks we were going to have are 
         out.  I better go and see what I can find.
Frasier: Thank you, Daphne.

Niles quickly drops his handkerchief and is bent over to pick it up 
when Daphne turns quickly and bangs into him.

 Daphne: Oh, sorry, Dr. Crane
  Niles: Excuse me, Daphne.
 Martin: [coming through with the radio to his ear] The power is out 
         all over south Seattle.  They're working on it now.
  Niles: [talking on the phone to Maris] Hello, Maris.  Thank God I got 
         you.  Listen, darling, there is no need to panic.  The most 
         important thing is to stay calm... About the blackout.  Maris? 
         Take off your slumber mask. [Niles suddenly holds the phone 
         away from his ear] Ooh!  No darling, darling, don't panic. 
         Honey, no, honey, hon, ho- ho- h... [turns the phone off and 
         puts it back in his pocket] She's fine.

Reset to: Kitchen
Roz is drinking a glass of wine while Daphne pulls ice cream out of the 
fridge.

 Daphne: Ooh, yum, scrum, pig's bum.  Here's something nice.  Half-
         gallon tubs of Cookies & Cream and Vanilla Fudge.
    Roz: Mmm, well let's take care of these right away before they 
         melt.
Frasier: Well, there's no need to worry, ladies.  The freezer will keep 
         them cold for at least 24 hours.
Daphne/Roz: Shut up!   

Reset to: Living Room:

 Martin: [bored] Well, I don't like to get nostalgic but it was sure 
         great last year when you forgot my birthday!
Frasier: You know what we need to do?  We need to liven things up a 
         little bit.  How about a game?  What was that game we played 
         at the Rambican's when they were costuming the servants for 
         the living chess match.  It was... er... oh yes, I remember – 
         "I'm the dullest person."
    Roz: At least pick a game someone else has a chance of winning.
Frasier: Well, that's got things shakin’.  OK, come on, Dad.


Martin reluctantly gets up.

Frasier: What the game is – we all get pennies and we're supposed to 
         try and get the other person's pennies.
 Martin: [sarcastic] Please, slow down!
Frasier: [gathering everyone round the table] All right now.  If I was 
         going to go I would say, "I am the dullest person because... I 
         have never been on a rollercoaster."  All right?  And then all 
         of you that have been on a rollercoaster would give me a 
         penny.  Now we all have our pennies.  Who would like to go 
         first?  Daphne?
 Daphne: [bored] I can't think of anything.
Frasier: Of course you can.  Just say the first thing that comes into 
         your mind.  I'm the dullest person because...
 Daphne: [becoming increasingly exasperated] Oh, I don't know.  Because 
         I've never made love in a lift or a phone booth or on an 
         aeroplane or a merry-go-round.
Frasier: OK – that's good, but strategically speaking that's not the 
         best way to get our pennies.  You see it should be something 
         that someone else might have actually... [Roz throws in a 
         penny] ...done.

Roz throws in three more pennies while everyone around the table just 
looks at her in amazement.

    Roz: I was in college.  I was trying to find myself.
  Niles: All you needed to do was look under the nearest man.

Roz kicks Niles under the table.

Frasier: All right, Dad.  Get our pennies.
 Martin: All right.  I'm the dullest person because... I've never been 
         to France.
Frasier: [as the others throw pennies in] Good, Dad.  That's getting 
         into the spirit of it.  All right, Niles.  What's something 
         you've never done?
  Niles: Well, let's see.  I'm the dullest person because I've never 
         sabotaged my brother's career.
Frasier: Will you give it a rest!
 Daphne: Oh, your father could show you how to do that.
 Martin: Quack Quack!

Yet another argument breaks out between everyone while Roz sits in 
the middle.

    Roz: WILL YOU PEOPLE STOP?  You are torturing me.  I could report 
         you to Amnesty International. 
 Martin: [getting up] That's it, I'm outta here.
Frasier: Oh, Dad, Dad.  You haven't even cut your cake yet.  Where are 
         you going?
 Martin: I'm going to sit in the tub with a hairdryer and wait for 
         the power to come back on.
  Niles: Well, this blackout could go on all night.  It's time I braved 
         the dark streets and got back to my Maris.  I just hope it 
         isn't like the lightning storm last month.  The only way I 
         could coax her out from under the bed was by tying a Prozac 
         to the end of a string!

FADE TO:

Scene Four – Frasier's Apartment
Frasier heads out to the balcony to find Roz there.  No one else is to 


be seen.

Frasier: Roz.  Like to have a little cake?
    Roz: No, thanks.  This reminds me of Wisconsin.  All dark and 
         deserted.
Frasier: That's on the license plate, isn't it?  Roz – what's the real 
         reason you didn't go to your reunion?  You've always made it 
         before.
    Roz: Well... no, no.  You said you didn't want to hear any more 
         problems today and I don't blame you.
Frasier: I think we have time for one more caller.
    Roz: Well... every year I go to my reunion.  My relatives crowd 
         around me and I answer the same questions.  No, I'm not 
         married.  No, I don't have any kids.  Yes, I still have that 
         tattoo.  No, you can't see it.  It would just be so nice if I 
         could at least say I have a great career.
Frasier: Roz, you do have a great career.
    Roz: Tell that to my relatives.  You know according to them I 
         spend four hours on the phone every day with a bunch of 
         losers and wackos, then I turn them over to some tedious 
         know-it-all who gives them pointless advice. [Frasier looks 
         none too amused] Oh, that's not me talking.  That's my Uncle 
         Ned.
Frasier: Oh, yes – the cow haberdasher.  You know, Roz – ten years ago 
         KACL didn't have any women producers?  You're a pioneer. 
         You've won awards.  You help people.
    Roz: Sounds right when you say it.
Frasier: Maybe you're just looking for too much from your job.  Start 
         exploring other areas of your life.  Interests.  Maybe a 
         serious relationship?
    Roz: Maybe you're right.  I mean, how long can I go on chasing 
         these hunky twenty-five year-olds that are all looks and no 
         substance?
Frasier: Exactly, Roz.
    Roz: No, I'm serious.  I'm asking, how long?  Three, four years?

There is the sound of breaking china from the kitchen.

 Daphne: [from the kitchen] Oh, bloody hell!
Frasier: [going through to the kitchen] Daphne?  Are you all right?
 Daphne: I've broke your father's souvenir spoon rest from Atlantic 
         City.
Frasier: Oh, good.
 Daphne: You know – when I have my own kitchen I'm going to put my 
         food right on the damn counter.  I've always said as soon as 
         I've saved two thousand dollars I'll get my own place.
Frasier: Well, how much have you saved?
 Daphne: Four thousand.  Oh, I know what you're thinking.  What's wrong 
         with me?  Why do I stay here?
Frasier: No, I was just thinking I must be paying you too much.
 Daphne: My friends all say you should be on your own.  Have a place. 
         Have a life.  Why do I stay here?
Frasier: Could it be that, maybe, you like us?  You know my 
         Grandmother used to have a cat.  A mangy old thing.  Kept 
         ruining the furniture and stuff.  I asked her why she kept it 
         and she said that maybe it was because she liked having 
         another heartbeat around the house.
 Daphne: It just makes me feel like I'm not very ambitious.  I could 
         be working in a hospital or a clinic.
Frasier: Of course you could, Daphne, but maybe that's not what's 
         important to you right now.  I think you like being part of a 
         family.  What's wrong with that?
 Daphne: Nothing, I suppose.  Although my friends wonder how I can live 
         with such demanding men?


Frasier: They call me demanding, do they?
 Daphne: No.  Actually they call you a pompous ass!
Frasier: And now you've learned that I'm not?
 Daphne: No.  I've learned to work around it.

Martin storms into the kitchen and heads for the fridge.

 Martin: Excuse me, I'm getting a beer.  And yes, I know it's not good 
         for me.  And yes, I know it's going to make me fat.  And yes, 
         I know it'll keep me from doing my exercises.  Do you have 
         anything to add to that? 
 Daphne: Yes!  Happy Birthday, you old sod! 

She kisses Martin on the cheek then leaves.

 Martin: They try to confuse you on purpose. [takes a swig from his 
         beer before putting it down in disgust] Room temperature!
         Just like merry old England.  Another place that I'll 
         probably never get to.
Frasier: Dad, you used to talk about going to Europe when your hip 
         improves.  Now you're saying you'll never get there?  What's 
         changed?
 Martin: Nothing!  My hip's the same as it was a year ago.  I had it in 
         my head it would be better by now, but I'm not and I'm 
         probably never going to be.  Ah, you don't understand.  
         You're happy just sitting on your can, doing your little 
         radio show, living inside your head.  But I'm used to 
         being out there.

Frasier and Martin walk back through to the living room to find 
Eddie standing on the table trying to get off an ice cream tub, that 
has got stuck on his face, with his paws.

 Martin: Eddie!
Frasier: Listen, Dad.  You can still travel. [Martin dismisses him] 
         You can.  You can't walk around Paris – you can sit at a nice 
         café and let Paris walk past you.  Maybe buy a glass of wine 
         for a beautiful Mademoiselle.  Get yourself a nice bottle of 
         imported beer.
 Martin: I only like Ballantines.
Frasier: In Paris, Ballantine's is imported beer.  And you are the 
         handsome american with the adorable accent.
 Martin: [thinks about it, then smiles] They like moustaches over there, 
         don't they?

Just as Martin is warming to the idea the door bursts open to reveal 
Niles, breathless and panting like he's just run a mile.

  Niles: Nineteen floors down to my car!  Garage door's electric!  
         Can't open!  Twenty floors back up!  Lost count!  Bad lady 
         upstairs!  Big dog!  Need place to die!

Frasier gets up to help him, while Roz and Daphne are yelling down over 
the balcony.

    Roz: [from the balcony] Same to you, buddy!
 Martin: Who are you talking to?
    Roz: Some rowdy guys downstairs.  Come on out here, Martin.  I want 
         you to introduce us.
 Martin: [going outside] All right.  Keep your pants on.
Frasier: Here, Niles.  Let me take your coat.
  Niles: Oh, haven't you taken enough from me today?
Frasier: Oh, Niles.  You're being silly and irrational.


  Niles: Sticks and stones.
Frasier: You're acting just like Dad.
  Niles: [furious] You take that back!
Frasier: You know you're not really mad at me, Niles.  You know I 
         didn't tell that woman to leave you.  I merely suggested 
         it as an option.  It was all her choice.  Could it be 
         that you're really upset just because you couldn't help 
         that woman?
  Niles: You know, I really hate that.  When you take a simple 
         criticism and you turn it back on me.
Frasier: I think I'm right.
  Niles: Well, of course you're right.  Why do you think I hate it?  
         Do you have any idea what I went through trying to help 
         that woman?
Frasier: Yes, I think I do.  Niles, you're a perfectionist.  As faults 
         go that's not such a bad one to have.
  Niles: It just would have been nice if I could have been the one to 
         tell her that it was time to go.  Instead she had to hear it 
         from some glib, albeit insightful radio pundit!
    Roz: [coming back in with Martin and Daphne] Those rowdy guys 
         downstairs invited us to a blackout party.
 Martin: They have cold beer.
    Roz: And Carlsberg.
 Daphne: You know, it's funny.  I was feeling a bit down before but 
         suddenly I'm in a party mood.
Frasier: What about our party?
    Roz: There are people downstairs.
 Martin: They have a barbecue.
  Niles: Come on, Frasier.
Frasier: No, no, no thank you.  I'm not really in the mood anymore.
 Daphne: Don't be a party pooper.
 Martin: Oh, let him be.  He's always been that way.
Frasier: Excuse me!  Just a second.  I think maybe it's time for 
         a little lesson about what it's like to live the life of  
         this particular party pooper.  I spend the whole damn week 
         ministering to the troubled and the neurotic and the 
         sometimes just plain goofy.  Then I hang up my earphones 
         and it doesn't end there.  Out on the street, at the café, 
         even in this building – more people come up for help, more 
         problems.  I suppose they just think it's OK, it's what I 
         do.  But every time I try to help them it costs me a little 
         piece of myself.  A little bit here, a little bit there, a 
         little bit here, a little bit there... until I end up 
         feeling like a zebra carcass on the Serengeti surrounded by 
         burping vultures!  Well, this happened to be one of those 
         weeks.  I had my escape planned.  I was going to come home 
         for an evening of fun with my extended family.  What do I 
         get?  I get the four of you going at each other like the 
         Borgias on a bad day!  So I roll up my sleeves, and I tend 
         to each one of you.  And you all feel better.  And the 
         minute you get a whiff of mesquite coming from down below, 
         you are out the door without so much as a “thank you.”  
         Well, thank you for the invitation, but I am, frankly, fed 
         up with people and their problems.  The Doctor is out.

Everyone starts to apologize and come towards Frasier to say sorry.

Frasier: Okay, apologies accepted!

Everyone about turns and heads for the door, assuming he’s coming with 
them now.

Frasier: No, no... look, I-I love you all.  I really do.  But what I 
         want right now is to be left alone, right here, where no one 


         needs anything from me.

They head out, inviting him to come if he changes his mind.

 Martin: Well, OK.  I'll bring you some barbecue.
    Roz: Oh my God, it's dark out here...

The four of them exit leaving Frasier alone in the apartment in 
silence.  Frasier sits down in happiness and picks up his book.  Eddie 
comes in and leaps up on the sofa next to Frasier.  He lies on his 
back and wriggles about.

Frasier: Oh, for God's sake, Eddie.  No, I'm not going to do it.  No.

Frasier looks away from Eddie who lies prostate on the sofa. 
Eventually Frasier turns back towards him and tickles his 
stomach.

THANKS FOR CALLING

Credits:

 
Kevin Bacon
Macaulay Culkin
Sandra Dee
Shelley Duvall
Art Garfunkel
John Lithgow
Amy Madigan
Rosie Perez
Sydney Pollack
Carly Simon
Gary Sinise
James Spader
Mary Steenburgen
Lily Tomlin
Alfre Woodard

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley & Iain McCallum.
 This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright 
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


