
[4.20]Three Dates And A Break Up [2]

Three Dates And A Break Up [2]              Written by Rob Greenberg
                                            Directed by Jeff Melman
=====================================================================
Production Code: 4.20
Episode Number in Production Order: 91
Original Airdate on NBC: 29th April 1997
Transcript written on 19th June 1999
Transcript revised on 13th September 2002

Sherry Dempsey Episodes

- [4.09] Dad Loves Sherry, the Boys Just Whine
- [4.11] Three Days of The Condo
- [4.19] Three Dates And A Breakup [1]

Click Here For Part One

Transcript {nick hartley}

ACT THREE

PROFESSOR CRANE'S
SELF-DELUSION 101

Scene One - Frasier's apartment.
Frasier is asleep on his couch that same evening as Daphne walks in 
ready to leave.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane, are you alright?
Frasier: Daphne, shh... do you hear that?
 Daphne: What?
Frasier: The sound of a Sherry-free apartment. [Daphne rolls her eyes] 
         I've been basking in it for the last thirty minutes.  Right 
         now, I feel like a seafront village after the Vikings have 
         left. 

The doorbell rings and Frasier jumps off of his couch.

Frasier: That must be Niles! [opens the door to Niles] 
  Niles: Frasier.
Frasier: [happy:] Niles.  I'd offer you a sherry, but I'm fresh out! 

They slam their chests together, causing them both to stagger a bit.

  Niles: I can't believe Dad finally came to his senses!  Oh, shall 
         we attempt a high-five?
Frasier: Well no, not after what happened last time - your watchband 


         got caught in my hair. 
  Niles: What a relief to finally have things back to normal.
Frasier: Yes.

Daphne creeps up behind him and greets him in her American accent:

 Daphne: Hey there, Dr. Crane!  How's tricks?

Niles turns round and gives a startled scream which even knocks Daphne 
back a bit.

 Daphne: I'm trying my American accent.
  Niles: Well, stop it!  I mean, we Americans are sensitive about 
         our... crude speech patterns.
 Daphne: [reverts back to Manchester:] I'm sorry, I didn't mean to 
         offend. 
  Niles: No, no it's quite alright.  You have a real flare for 
         accents.  Just out of curiosity, have you ever tried a saucy 
         French chamber maid?
Frasier: Niles! [with hands tells him to quit]
  Niles: Frasier's just been telling me how well Dad's been taking 
         the break-up with Sherry.
 Daphne: Yes, a little too well if you ask me!
Frasier: Daphne, we had this discussion already - he's fine!
 Daphne: He's in a lot more pain than he's letting on.  You just don't 
         see it because you like having your apartment back.
Frasier: Leave the complex analysis to the professionals! 

Martin comes in.

 Martin: Oh hi, Niles.  Feel like going to the movies with me and 
         Daphne?
  Niles: Oh thanks, but I have plans.  Listen Dad, I'm sorry to hear 
         about you and Sherry 
 Martin: Oh, that's alright.  There's nothing to be sorry about.  
         It was kind of fun to go back to my old bachelor days.  
         Yeah, don't worry about me.  Easy come, easy go.  Do you 
         want a blowmaker?
  Niles: No, thanks.
 Martin: [nearly all in a sentence:] More for me, I should bake a few 
         of those for the movies, you know-
 Daphne: Mr. Crane...
 Martin: Come on, I'm only kidding.  No, it's kind of fun to laugh at 
         things again.  That was the problem with Sherry: she had no 
         sense of humor, just a real stick in the mud, you know?  
         Well hey, we better get going, don't want to be late - I'll 
         get the elevator! [exits]
 Daphne: [sarcastic, to Frasier:] Well, what's your diagnosis now?
Frasier: It's a clearcut case of Post-Sherry Euphoria! 

A bell is heard from the kitchen as Daphne leaves.

Frasier: Oh, there's my canapés.
  Niles: Oh, right.  Date number two.  I'll be off as well.  You can 
         fill me in tomorrow.
Frasier: You'll get a full debriefing - [chuckles] As, hopefully, 
         will I. 

Niles grits his teeth and leaves as Frasier prepares his food. 

Frasier: [brings food in and talks to Eddie:] Alright, young animal: 
         learn from the master!  Now, bottle these time-honored 
         traditions, and you too might get lucky with that young 


         Pekinese peach you've been eyeing in the park. [holds up 
         a CD:] Now, for mood: Vivaldi.  And then, for lighting: 
         not so bright as to show the wrinkles, not so dark as 
         to make her think you're hiding anything. [plays with the 
         lights as the doorbell goes:] Oops, and leaving nothing to 
         chance: [holds up wine bottle] Pouisse Fuisse 1992 - elector 
         a la carte. [tastes it:] Dear God, I could teach a course! 

Frasier opens the front door to Adair.

Frasier: Adair.  Come in, may I take your coat?
  Adair: [enters, takes off her coat:] Thank you.  It's so nice of 
         you to have me over.  I hope you didn't go to any trouble.
Frasier: Oh, nothing special.
  Adair: I guess I feel so strange.  I mean, one night I'm at Dr. 
         Frasier Crane's house for a benefit - two days later I'm 
         back at his house for a date.
Frasier: Well, there's one thing I've learned - that life is nothing 
         without spontaneity. 

Frasier spontaneously switches on the Vivaldi music, making Adair 
wonder what happened.

Frasier: Come and have a look at the city. [points to window]
  Adair: [taken aback:] Oh, what a lovely view.  I didn't fully 
         appreciate it the other night.
Frasier: [staring at her:] My sentiments exactly. 

She turns and smiles at him, understanding very well.

Frasier: Here, a glass of wine. [hands it to her] Here we are.  
         To... Possibilities. 

They clink glasses and take a drink.

  Adair: I wonder if I can see my apartment from here?
Frasier: Well, if you can, don't tell me.  I have a telescope and I'm 
         not to be trusted! [laughs]
  Adair: Funny, charming... next thing I'm going to find out that 
         you're a great cook.
Frasier: Well, [modest:] don't get your hopes up! [showing her his 
         prepared meal:] Duck confit.

As Frasier begins to toot his own trumpet the doorbell sounds. 
Frasier, off his stride, runs to answer it to Sherry.

 Sherry: Hello, Frasier.
Frasier: [worried] Sherry.  Er, my father's not here right now.  
         I'll tell him you stopped by.
 Sherry: Oh wait, I just came by to pick something up.
Frasier: Well, why don't you tell me what it is, I'll have it 
         messengered over tomorrow. 
 Sherry: [upset:] It's my banjo!  Can't I have it?
Frasier: Alright, listen, I'm on a date here.  So just try to make it 
         quick.
 Sherry: Okay. [to Adair:] Hi, how are you?
Frasier: [worried:] She's fine, we're fine, go on.

Frasier ushers her out of the room to Martin's bedroom.

Frasier: Father's ex-girlfriend. [laughs] Well, where were we?
  Adair: Let me just say that this duck is superb.  And the way the 
         wine compliments it and the music... I'm guessing you 


         entertain often?
Frasier: Well, no, actually.  I'm really rather lonely.  Tell you 
         what, take my telescope home, you can see for yourself. 
         [laughs with her] 

Sherry reappears from the bedroom with Banjo in tow.

 Sherry: Got the banjo. 
Frasier: Oh well, yes, okay, bye-bye.
 Sherry: Bye, Frasier. [to Adair:] It was nice seeing you again.
  Adair: I'm sorry, have we met? 
 Sherry: Well, yes, on your date last night.  Kimberly, isn't it?
  Adair: [confused:] No...
Frasier: [to Sherry:] Well you got what you came for, off you go...
 Sherry: I'm sorry hon', but she does look just like the other girl, 
         and besides you were playing the same makeout music- 
Frasier: Alright, off you go! [pushes her out]

Frasier puts on a brave face as he offers more wine to Adair.

Frasier: Some more wine?
  Adair: Two dates in two nights isn't bad for someone who's lonely.
Frasier: My God, you could hardly call what happened last night a 
         date.  The woman who organised the benefit came by, she just 
         dropped in to say thank you.
  Adair: Wait a minute.  You mean Kimberly Egan?  She broke up my 
         first marriage!
Frasier: Well, I hardly know the woman, she spent all of ten minutes 
         here! 
  Adair: I'm not going through this again. [gets her coat]
Frasier: Adair!  Listen, listen, this is all in your mind!  I mean, 
         we spent one night together, she means nothing to me!
  Adair: [hateful:] Gee, where have I heard that before?!

Adair slams the door behind her as Frasier looks around feeling sorry 
for himself.  Eddie again runs up to the table and stares.

Frasier: [same tone as before] Go ahead!

Eddie gets onto the table and eats the meal.

FADE OUT

Scene Two - Café Nervosa.
The following afternoon Frasier and Niles are chatting about recent 
events at the window seat of the café.

Frasier: So, for the second time in two nights Sherry manages to chase 
         away another date!  She's like a scarecrow in the cornfield of 
         my love life!
  Niles: I don't know how many more of your disastrous love stories 
         I can hear.  I'll say "when."

Roz enters the Café wearing a most beautiful green sequined dress. 
Her hair is tied up sexily behind her head and her makeup has been 
applied meticulously.  She is looking for someone as she chats to 
the two.

    Roz: Hello.
  Niles: You look like an almost presentable version of someone who 
         works with my brother.
    Roz: Bite me!
  Niles: Oh, it is you.


    Roz: [sitting saucily:] You haven't seen my high school friend 
         John around here, have you?
Frasier: Well no, we haven't, Roz.  I suppose you finally tracked him 
         down?
    Roz: Yeah, I'm meeting him here for coffee.  I'm going to tell 
         him I'm on my way to a chic cocktail party.  This is the 
         "Roz" I want him to talk about when he goes to that wedding 
         this weekend.
Frasier: The vain, neurotic, lying Roz?

A Waitress comes over.

Waitress: Oh, are you Roz?
     Roz: Yes.
Waitress: There was a call for you from a John Coughlin; he said he's 
          sorry that he can't meet you but he had to take an earlier 
          flight.
     Roz: Oh, great!
Waitress: Roz Doyle, right? 
     Roz: Yeah.
Waitress: Sorry, you don't look anything like he described on the 
          phone.

The waitress leaves as Roz falls back into the chair.

    Roz: All right, before I do anything crazy - like, go to the airport, 
         fly to Wisconsin and crash a wedding - did I really look that 
         bad the other day?

Sherry enters before either of them get the chance to answer.

 Sherry: Hiya, guys. 
Frasier: Oh hi, Sherry.
 Sherry: [to Roz:] Gee, you look familiar.  Did I see your older sister 
         in here the other day?  Oh, she must be jealous of you!

Roz gets up and exits the Cafe:

    Roz: [o.s.:] TAXI!

Sherry sits next to Frasier.

 Sherry: Mind if I join you?
Frasier: Oh, of course not.
 Sherry: I was hoping that I'd catch you here.  Well, I've been 
         thinking about what happened yesturday between your dad 
         and me and well, I just can't figure it out.  One minute 
         we were having a stupid argument about chopsticks and the 
         next minute we were broken up.  Well, I hate to put you 
         on the spot like this, but did he say anything to you?
Frasier: Well, not really.  You know how closed up Dad is.  Well, 
         he did say that the breakup was a long time coming.
 Sherry: Now I really am confused!  I mean, I thought everything was 
         going fine.  Well, better than fine... Ah, the other night 
         we both said "I Love You" for the first time. 
  Niles: You did?
 Sherry: Yes.
  Niles: It's just that in the past he's been rather reserved about 
         expressing himself that way.
 Sherry: Well, I guess he sort of hesitated before he said it, but, 
         I mean, a lot of guys do that when you spring it on them for 
         the first time.
Frasier: Yes, well I certainly can tell why you're confused.  Well... 
         if you'd like, I could speak to him on your behalf. [Niles 


         kicks him under the table] Ow!
  Niles: Oh, I'm sorry, is that your shin?
 Sherry: No thanks, Frasier, I don't want to put you in the middle of 
         this.  I'm just frustrated.  Listen, er, thanks for listening.
Frasier: Of course.
  Niles: Anytime.
 Sherry: Well ,I really thought I'd hit the jackpot with Marty.  
         It isn't easy finding someone you think the world of. 
         [to Frasier:] Oh, I know, you go tom-catting around with 
         a different girl every night, but you can't find happiness 
         that way.
Frasier: I haven't so far.

Sherry leaves.  As soon as she's gone, Frasier kicks Niles hard in 
the shin.

  Niles: OW!  I didn't kick you that hard.
Frasier: You didn't have to kick me at all!
  Niles: Well, were you seriously considering playing couples' 
         therapist with Dad and that woman, after we just got rid 
         of her?
Frasier: I have no intention in repairing the rift.  God, last night 
         for the first time in months I wasn't jolted awake at two 
         a.m. by her rousing rendition of "Funky Mountain Breakdown"! 
         It seems a little odd that Dad chose to break up with Sherry 
         just after he told her he loved her. 
  Niles: As I recall she said, "hesitantly said it back to her."  
         To me that's a clear picture of a man who didn't share her 
         feelings.
Frasier: Yes, well I think he does share her feelings.  He just 
         panicked out of fear.
  Niles: Fear of what?
Frasier: Well, lots of things: change, commitment, becoming vulnerable 
         to someone again.  I'm just afraid he broke up with her for 
         all the wrong reasons.
  Niles: Well, if he'd like a list of the right reasons it's available 
         on request. 
Frasier: The least I can do is have a talk with him.
  Niles: No, the least you can do is nothing.  Dad hasn't asked for 
         our help.  You should just let nature take its course. 
         [getting an idea:] It's like one of those wildlife films 
         with the lion chasing down the antelope.  You don't ask why 
         the photographer doesn't interfere - you just accept it! 
Frasier: [annoyed] As a general rule Niles, the photographer is not 
         related to the antelope!
  Niles: Obviously you and I don't see eye to eye. [Frasier gets up 
         to leave:] Where are you going?
Frasier: I have a date in forty-five minutes, and a bleeding antelope 
         sitting in a Baracalounger in my apartment!

Frasier leaves as the waitress is handing a drink to a neighboring 
table.  She overhears this strange part of the conversation.  Niles, 
overridden with jealousy, decides it's the perfect opportunity to 
try his flirting skills.

   Niles: I suppose that sounded strange to you - I'd be happy to 
          explain it.  Are you by any chance free at the end of your 
          shift?
Waitress: [half embarrassed, half laughing:] Sorry. [walks away]
   Niles: I've still got it!

He slowly punches a fist into the air.  The fist droops as he realizes 
how awful he really is.


END OF ACT THREE

ACT FOUR

HE COULDN'T HAVE WAITED

'TILL HE GOT INTO THE HOUSE

Scene One - Frasier's Apartment.
That evening Frasier is riding the elevator to his apartment.  He gets 
shuffly and begins taking his belt off in order to tuck in his shirt. 
However, he remembers Daphne's little friend.

Frasier: Not so fast, Mr. Hicks.  You won't find me doing anything 
         foolish.

He opens his umbrella over his head.  He is very proud of what he has 
done until he finds how hard it is to adjust his shirt with one hand.  
By the time the elevator comes to a stop on his level his trousers 
are halfway down his legs.  And guess who's waiting to be taken down: 
Daphne.

Frasier: [shuffling out, still holding the umbrella over his head] 
         Daphne.
 Daphne: Hello, Dr. Crane.  Enjoy your evening.
Frasier: Yes, you too.

She enters the lift and presses a button.

 Daphne: [to the camera:] He's been under a lot of stress lately.

Frasier enters the kitchen of his apartment where Martin is eating 
nibbles.

Frasier: Oh Dad, listen, I'm glad you're home.  We've gotta talk. 
 Martin: I can't think which conversation started that way!
Frasier: We have to talk about you and Sherry.
 Martin: Why?  Look, I'm fine with it.  Come on now, let it go.

He enters the main room - Frasier follows.

Frasier: Dad, listen, I spoke with Sherry today. 
 Martin: You did what?  What for?
Frasier: Well, she came to see me.  She was a bit confused about what 
         happened the other day and well, from her story, I think 
         what you're contending with here is a classic case of panic 
         induced by fear of commitment.
 Martin: Did you hear that, Eddie?  That's who buys your dog food!
Frasier: Yes, well she also told me about a little incident that took 
         place the other evening, where she expressed her feelings 
         for you and you hesitantly reciprocated. 
 Martin: Oh jeez, she told you about that?  Look, to cut it short: 
         she told me how she felt about me, I said it back, but I 
         only said it because I felt I had to.  That's not really 
         what I feel, so, end of story. 

The doorbell sounds and Frasier tries to usher Martin away.

Frasier: Well, listen Dad, there's my date.  I'm sorry for butting 
         into your life but I happen to be concerned about you.  You 
         may find it hard to believe but your welfare happens to be 
         very important to me. 


Frasier pushes Martin into the kitchen before switching on his Vivaldi.  
Frasier opens the door to Sherry.  He quickly turns off the music as 
Martin sees who it is.

 Sherry: Hi, Frasier.
Frasier: Ah, Sherry.
 Sherry: Hi, Martin.
 Martin: Hey.
 Sherry: You left your Sinatra tape in my car.
 Martin: Oh thanks, I've been looking for that.
 Sherry: Well, there you go. [places it on table] Bye.
 Martin: So long.

She leaves and Frasier goes back to his Spanish inquisition.

Frasier: I saw that, Dad!  I saw the way you looked at her.  You can't 
         convince me you don't feel the same way about her that she 
         does about you!
 Martin: I appreciate what you're doing, I really do, but STOP!
Frasier: Alright, fine, it's your life.  I wouldn't interfere.

As Martin exits to his bedroom as Frasier decides to interfere anyway 
and steps out into the corridor to get back Sherry.

Frasier: Wait, can you just stay for a few minutes?  I think I can 
         straighten this whole thing out.
 Sherry: Oh, it sure didn't look like he wanted to.
Frasier: Yes, well he's just being his stubborn, ornery self.
 Sherry: I do miss that!
Frasier: Alright, I'll just go and talk to him.  Stay here. 

However, just as Frasier's about to go back in, Frasier's third date 
comes up on the elevator. 

 Leslie: Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, Leslie.
 Leslie: Sorry, I'm a little early.
 Sherry: Way to go, Fras'!
Frasier: [worried:] Oh, dear God.  Sherry, this is Leslie; Leslie, 
         Sherry.  Leslie, come on in. [she does]
 Sherry: Frasier, can I use the girl's room?
Frasier: No! [Leslie looks at him] Oh, no... need to ask. 

Sherry enters the powder room as Frasier takes Leslie's coat.

Frasier: May I take your coat?  Yes, [takes it] there we are.  You 
         see, Sherry is my father's lady friend and they're going 
         through a bit of a rough patch.  If you'll excuse for just a 
         moment, I have to talk with him.  Just a minute...
 Leslie: No, take your time.  I can always chat with Sherry!
Frasier: No, no.  I mean, look at this fabulous sunset, isn't that 
         something?
 Leslie: [at window:] Wow.  Even more stunning than I remembered.
Frasier: [staring at her:] Yes, it is!  Excuse me for a minute... 
         [remembers:] Oh wait, some wine?

As before he holds the glass to her and they clink:

Frasier: To... [getting bored:] possibilities.

Martin enters the room from his bedroom - walking to the kitchen.


Frasier: Oh, Dad.
 Martin: Oh, don't worry, I won't get in the way.  I'll just go grab 
         a beer!
Frasier: Oh, no trouble at all, Dad.

Martin enters the kitchen as Frasier rushes with him.

Frasier: Dad, you and Sherry...
 Martin: [had enough:] Oh jeez, I don't believe this!  Frasier, it's 
         over.  She's gone, she's out of my life! 

However she comes back into his life when he sees her coming out of 
the powder room.

 Martin: What the hell's she doing here?
Frasier: She came in to borrow the powder room, I'll be right back.

To avoid Sherry and Leslie chatting Frasier pops back out again.

Frasier: How's everything out here?
 Sherry: Fine, how's everything in there?
Frasier: Fine, fine.  I think I just need a few more minutes.
 Leslie: [to Sherry:] Are you through with the powder room?
 Sherry: Oh sure, it's all yours! 

Leslie enters the powder room.

 Sherry: Frasier, take all the time you need.  I'll entertain your 
         friend.
Frasier: [laughing worriedly:] Oh, what and miss this fabulous sunset?
 Sherry: [at window:] Oh yeah, look at that!  I forgot how beautiful 
         it is.
Frasier: So it is!

Now very scrambled, Frasier hands a glass of wine to Sherry.

Frasier: Here we go, to possi- oh, what am I doing?!

He just pushes Sherry out onto the balcony instead.

Frasier: [shouting:] Two minutes, no more!

Leslie opens the powder room door, confused.

Frasier: Oh, not you, Leslie.

She reenters the powder room as Frasier runs into the kitchen to his 
father.

 Martin: Look, I don't know what you're doing.  But you go right back 
         out there and get rid of her.
Frasier: Dad, I am not trying to torture you.
 Martin: Well, then you're doing a bad job. 
Frasier: Alright, listen, I'm still a bit confused about something, 
         maybe you can help me understand it.  You said that you 
         don't have any feelings for this woman.  Alright then, fine. 
         Why is it for the last three months you've been happier than 
         since my mom died?
 Martin: Hey, you just leave your mother out of this!
Frasier: I didn't mean to bring her into this.  That's not what I'm 
         talking about... [realises:] Dad, is that what this about? 
         Mom? 
 Martin: No!  Alright?


Frasier: Listen, I'm a psychiatrist.
 Martin: Well, I don't need a psychiatrist and I don't need your help!
Frasier: Dad, that is just classic defensive...

They carry on arguing until Martin picks up a dinner plate and 
smashes it against the counter.  They look at each other with guilt. 

In the living room, Leslie is now sitting on the couch and looks up 
at the noise.  Frasier sticks his head out.

Frasier: Excuse me, butterfingers!

He goes back to Martin.

Frasier: Now listen, Dad, I do not mean to upset you.  I believe that 
         the feelings that you're going through here are feelings of 
         guilt.  It's probably natural to feel that way - my God, I 
         understand exactly what you're going through.
 Martin: No, you don't, no you don't.  You don't understand at all: 
         when you've been married for thirty-five years, you never 
         thought there could be someone else, and one day you hear 
         yourself say, "I love you" to another woman, maybe then 
         you'll understand what I'm going through. 
Frasier: Dad, there was a time after my first marriage was breaking 
         up, I was talking to Mom.  She said to me, "Frasier, you've 
         got to promise me you're not going to give up."  I said, 
         "Mom, please, the last thing I want to hear is a bunch of 
         clichés, and that we're all put on the earth to love each 
         other, and how it's certainly possible for the human heart 
         to love more than one person."  I said, "Alright, Mom, give 
         me one good reason to ever let myself fall in love again."  
         She said, "Because I said so and I'm your mother!"
 Martin: [smiles:] Yeah, but it sure doesn't help reminding me what a 
         great lady she was. 
Frasier: Well, does it help to remind you that Sherry's a pretty 
         great lady too?  God, dad, she makes you happy.  Niles and I 
         would give anything to have what you have.  Well, not WHAT 
         you have but what you HAVE. 
 Martin: Yeah, she's a pretty great lady, isn't she?  I don't know, 
         she'd probably be better off with some guy who isn't going 
         through all this. 
Frasier: Well, don't you think you should let her decide that?

He takes these words and slowly walks up to the balcony.  Sherry is 
on the balcony overlooking Seattle as Marty enters.

 Martin: Hiya.
 Sherry: [emotionally:] Hi.

Martin shuts the door as Frasier comes out into the living room. 
He and Leslie watch the two embrace, happy together at last with the 
whole city at their feet.

Frasier: Well, it looks like those two could use a little privacy. 
         You mind if I take you to the restaurant a little early? 
 Leslie: I think that's a good idea.
Frasier: We can finish off the wine later... not that we're coming 
         back here... not that I'm obverse to that, of course... I 
         mean, if you're in the mood for a night count.... a nightcap! 
 Leslie: Well, it looks like your dad and his girlfriend are patching 
         things up.
Frasier: [getting coat:] Yes.  Gee, I can't thank you enough for being 
         tolerant about the time delay. 
 Leslie: [laughs] 


Frasier: You'd be surprised, lately women just fly into rages of 
         intolerance under the slightest provocation....

Sherry and Martin enter from the balcony.

 Sherry: Wait, Leslie.  Before you go, I just want to say something.
Frasier: [to Leslie:] Oh, good Lord, step lively!
 Sherry: Listen, you are a lucky girl to be with someone as sweet as 
         Frasier.  He just did a real nice thing for his dad and me.
Frasier: Thank you, Sherry. [precarious:] Off we go! 
 Martin: We'll ride down with you, we're going down the street to get 
         a little Chinese.
 Leslie: Why don't we give you a lift?
Frasier: No!  I mean, don't you think the walk would do them good?
 Leslie: But I think it's starting to rain! [looks out window] Come on, 
         ride with us.
 Sherry: [laughs:] Oh, you're such a doll.  

As they all head out the door:

 Sherry: Leslie, what do you do?
 Leslie: Oh, I'm a dermatologist.
 Sherry: Good news, Frasier!  If you get lucky tonight she might just 
         look at that rash of yours! 
Frasier: [resigned:] Yes...
 Sherry: Oh, that reminds me of a great joke....

They shut the door.  After a few seconds Frasier walks back in.

Frasier: Hold the elevator, will you? [calls:] Eddie!

Eddie runs into the room and jumps straight onto the table to eat the 
food a third time.

Frasier: Well, you could at least act surprised! 

Frasier exits as Eddie finishes it off.

END OF ACT FOUR [Time: 43:00]

Credits:

Café Nervosa - the next day.
Frasier and Niles are chatting at the counter about last night's 
disaster.  This time Niles has a date, a pretty brunette who walks 
in and sits with him as Frasier leaves.  

However, while Frasier is leaving the Café he spots Sherry.  
He begins chatting with her and ushers her over to Niles's table. 
Niles ends up giving his seat to Sherry.  His date looks somewhat 
bewildered by it all.  He gets up to get coffee from the counter – 
and hits Frasier on the arm, who shrugs.

Guest Appearances

 Special Guest Star
 MARSHA MASON AS Sherry
 
 Guest Starring
 REBECCAH BUSH as Kimberly Egan
 DONNA BULLOCK as Adair Peck


 MARIA DEL MAR as Leslie Wellman
 PAULEY P. as Waitress
 JEFFREY CORBETT as John Coughlin

 Guest Callers
 DAVID BENOIT as Doug 

Thanks To...

Transcript written by NICHOLAS HARTLEY
Revised by MICHAEL LEE

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 1999 by Nick Hartley. This episode
 summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


