
[5.10]
Where Every Bloke Knows Your Name

Where Every Bloke Knows Your Name             Written by Rob Hanning 
                                              Directed by Jeff Melman 
=====================================================================
Production Code: 5.10.
Original Airdate on NBC: 6th January 1998.    
Transcript written on 29th March 1999.
Transcript written on 4th June 2001

Transcript {nicholas hartley}

Act One.

A LONG TIME AGO
IN A PREP SCHOOL
FAR, FAR AWAY...

Scene One
Many years ago, in a Seattle prep school, a young Niles and a young 
Frasier are having lunch and a discussion in the school cafeteria. 
Of course, they were even more snobbish then than they are today.
As Frasier eats, Niles carefully wipes his utensils with a napkin.

Young Frasier: I specifically requested my macaroni & cheese al denté.  
  Young Niles: I know.  This lunch is a culinary Hindenberg.
Young Frasier: Niles, have you ever considered that our food may be 
               payback for your recent editoral, "Cafeteria Of Shame"?
  Young Niles: Well, they can't intimidate me.  They'll never silence 
               my pen.  I could write an exposé on their baked goods 
               alone. 
Young Frasier: [knocks bread roll on table before a pun alert:] Yes, 
               this is the hardest roll since Hamlet!
  Young Niles: Good one, Frasier.  May I use it?
Young Frasier: But of course.

Fade Back to the present day, Niles and Frasier are in Café Nervosa, 
still whittling on about the food.

  Niles: These biscotti represent an all-time low.  Chalky aftertaste,
         inelegant aroma, spongy!
Frasier: Yes, and what is a spongy biscotti but an unwelcome trespasser 
         into Madeline territory?
  Niles: Have you seen how stale these pistachios are?  It's like
         swallowing gravel.  It's a wonder I escaped permanent injury. 
Frasier: [sarcastic:] Yes, your ability to cheat death at every turn
         never ceases to amaze. 
  Niles: Someone's in a mood today.
Frasier: Yes, sorry Niles.  You know sometimes you just find yourself
         getting restless?
  Niles: I'm fearing I'm about to. 


Niles mobile sounds to which he answers.

  Niles: [to phone:] Hello.  Yes?  Really?  Bravo!  Excellenté!
         Benissimo! [hangs up:] You'll never guess who that was!
Frasier: The Three Tenors?
  Niles: No, it was my antiques scout.  The present I ordered for
         Maris's birthday has arrived.  I got her the most exquisite
         antique saddle. 
Frasier: Oh.  How's it look on you?
  Niles: [looks at Frasier:] You won't laugh when you see it.  It is
         bejewelled but not overdone, much like my Maris.  The
         craftsmanship is breathtaking.  It's been so expertly
         restored you can barely see the stitching.
Frasier: Again, like Maris!
  Niles: Someone is in a mood today. [receives bill:] I'll get this.
Frasier: Thank you Niles, it's... perhaps you can run along to the wine
         club on your own tonight.
  Niles: [surprised:] What?
Frasier: Well, it'll just be the same old faces rehashing the same
         boring topics. 
  Niles: You're more upset than I realised.  Let's do something to
         take your mind off it.  Dinner?  Chamber music?  There's a
         wonderful lecture series on the histroy of modern lecture
         series. 
Frasier: I'm sorry, I don't think so.  You know, I just feel like 
         being on my own tonight.  You don't mind, do you?
  Niles: Of course not, I'll just see you at Puchino for lunch
         tomorrow.
Frasier: Well maybe we ought to play that by ear as well.
  Niles: As you wish.
Frasier: You're not upset, are you?
  Niles: Frasier, I'd have to have a pretty fragile ego to be upset
         just because you want to take some time away from me.
 Waiter: Do you want to pay?
  Niles: Separate checks, please! [turns away from Frasier] 

Scene Two - Apartment
Later, back at Frasier's apartment, Martin's card friends are 
waiting.  There's Roz, Frank, Leo, Jimmy & Duke.  Martin's in the 
kitchen preparing his food.  Frasier watches him whilst Daphne does 
the dishes.

 Martin: Alright.  Here we go: cold cuts, pizza rolls, deviled eggs,
         pork roll-ups; all right.
Frasier: [sarcastic:] Yes, the ideal buffet for a group of heavyset
         men over sixty!  I assume everyone's ready to order.
 Martin: Well, we're about ready to start our poker game.
 Daphne: Don't worry Mr. Crane, I'll be on my way in a minute.
 Martin: OK.  Well, we're about ready to start our poker game.
Frasier: I heard you, dad.  I'm just trying to figure out what I'm 
         going to do with myself this evening.  My old routine doesn't
         seem to satisfy me anymore, I'm trying to think of something
         new.  Oh, I know - maybe I could join you and the guys for 
         some cards, eh?
 Martin: Oh, I don't know about that, Frasier; I just don't think
         you'd fit in! 
Frasier: Why not?  Roz is playing!
 Martin: Roz is like one of the guys.  She knows more dirty jokes 
         than Duke!
Frasier: Oh, if that's the criteria, I'm sure I could tell you a tale
         or two which would make you blush like a school girl.
 Martin: That's what I'm afraid of!
 Daphne: Oh let him play, it can't hurt anything. 


 Martin: Alright, come on.

Martin enters the room with Frasier following carrying the tray. 
Frasier sits between Roz and Martin.

Martin: Guys, Frasier's going to sit in with us tonight. 

The guys give a polite manly cheer.

    Roz: Really?  You're going to play with us.
Frasier: Why not, Roz?  Don't look so surprised.  'Sides, there's 
         nothing I enjoy more than a good old-fashioned night with 
         the guys. 

He sits at the table with them, next to Roz.

  Frank: OK, get ready, seven buck limit high and low, chips to win, 
         high and low, the wheel is no good.
Frasier: Perfect.
    Leo: No Check in rays?  Three buck limit.
Frasier: Sounds good.
    Roz: You're lost, aren't you?
Frasier: Like a Bedouin in a sandstorm!
    Leo: So, you guys got your all-weather tires on ya?
  Frank: I'm going to Richie's for some bodywork afterwards.
    Roz: Go to Tim's, you get free a overhaul.
   Duke: You ever been to Hank's?  Now there's a garage.
 Martin: King bets, fifty cents.  Yeah, I've been to Hank's, right 
         next to Mike's Hardware, right?
  Jimmy: Why I was in Mike's the other day, they got those new
         cordless drills.
  Frank: Still go to Mike's?  You ought to try Tommy's. They give 
         away free battery testers with every purchase.
Frasier: I'm out!

Frasier gets away from the non-sensical mayhem to Daphne in the 
kitchen.

Frasier: Well, that was a bust! 
 Daphne: Be glad before the debate begins over who would be the most 
         fun on a desert island - Angie Dickinson or Ursula Andress? 
Frasier: That's ludicrous... it's Angie Dickinson. 
 Daphne: You know, Dr. Crane, I know it's none of my business but... 
         Oh, never mind.
Frasier: No, no, go ahead.
 Daphne: Perhaps you've been feeling restless lately because of a
         lack of, well, you know, female companionship.  So I
         thought...
Frasier: Oh, dear!
 Daphne: Just listen.  I'm meeting my friend Clare for drinks tonight
         - she's complained of feeling restless...
Frasier: Just stop right there.  I think by now you'd know my policy
         on fix-up's.
 Daphne: She's pretty, she's lonely and she's an underwear model. 
Frasier: So you do know my policy.  Off we go!

Frasier and Daphne leave.

SO AUTHENTIC THERE ISN'T
AN ICE CUBE IN THE JOINT

Scene Three - The Fox & Whistle


A few moments later, they arrive at "The Fox & Whistle", a typical 
English pub.  There are English flags around the place and other 
Anglican items. 

 Daphne: Say hello to the "Fox & Whistle."
Frasier: You point her out and I will! [laughs]
Winston: [in English accent from behind the bar:] Hi-ay love, give us
         a kiss!
Frasier: Hope he's talking to you.
 Daphne: [goes forward] Evening, all! 

Clare, a slender redhead sitting at a table with two men, sees her.

  Clare: [comes over] Daphne!
 Daphne: There's Clare now.
Frasier: My, she's everything you said she was...
  Clare: [excited:] I'm engaged!
Frasier: And more!
 Daphne: When did this happen?
  Clare: Well, my old boyfriend, Bob, surprised me two nights ago.  
         You gotta meet him, he's right over there. 

Someone who looks utterly different gives a wave.  He's sitting next 
to another man.

 Clare: He even brought someone you might be interested in.
Daphne: Oh, he is nice looking, isn't he?

Bob, who is apparently deaf and dumb, slowly mouths, "I LOVE YOU" 
to Clare while signing the same with his hands.

 Clare: Coming, pookie.

Daphne turns to Frasier for sympathy.

 Daphne: Oh sorry, Dr. Crane, it seems like I've brought you down 
         here for nothing.
Frasier: Oh hardly.  If not for you I would have missed seeing the
         World's Most Nauseating Couple defend their title. 

A quick shot of Clare and Bob is shown.

 Daphne: We can leave if you like.
Frasier: No, no, you go talk with your friend; I'll have a drink.
 Daphne: You sure?
Frasier: Sure. [turns to bar as Daphne exits]
Winston: What d'ya need?
Frasier: Well, funny, I've been asking myself that same question all
         day, it seems that lately my life...
Winston: I'll come back. [serves someone else] 

Scene Four - Apartment
Meanwhile, Martin, Roz and the gang are still enjoying their chat 
over their game of cards.

 Frank: I forgot that story!
Martin: Oh geez, it still doesn't top the time Leo and I were sent to
        break up that fight in the strip joint.
   Leo: Oh, boy!
Martin: We walked in there and I'm telling you there was this one
        girl...
 Frank: Hey Marty, Marty!  Maybe you shouldn't tell that story.
Martin: What, because of Roz?


   Roz: Oh please, Frank!  If I can handle the Angie/Ursula debate, I
        think I can handle this!
   Leo: But you agree with me on that one, right?  You said you'd
        rather sleep with Angie?
   Roz: One more time Leo. [slowly:] If I had to choose, yes!
Martin: Hey Leo, you start telling them that strip joint story; you
        guy's are going to bust a gut!  Anyone else need a beer?
All Bar 
   Roz: Yes!
Martin: Roz? 
   Roz: Remember?
Martin: Oh geez, I'm sorry, I forgot, yeah! [goes to the kitchen]
 Frank: What's the matter, Roz?  You think you won't be able to control
        yourself with all these handsome guys here? [laughs]
   Roz: It's a little late for that, Frank.  I'm pregnant.
 Frank: What?!  That's great!  I remember when my Annie was pregnant.
        There is nothing more beautiful than a pregnant broad!
   Leo: You're in for a real treat, Roz.  The best thing I ever did
        was having kids. 
  Duke: You know from the moment you hold that brand new baby in your
        arms, your whole life changes.
 Jimmy: You're right about that!
 Frank: What about when they grab your fingers with those little
        hands, that's one of the greatest feelings there ever is. 
  Duke: Yeah the joy of seeing them look up at you and smile.
 Jimmy: Cherish every moment, Roz. 
 Frank: He's right.  One minute they're sitting on your lap; you're
        their whole world.  Next thing: they're growing up, out of the
        door with lives of their own!
   Leo: And it's just you, old and alone in an empty house. 
  Duke: It's so empty.

They all sit in morbid silence, thinking about how bad their lives 
are and how bad Roz's life will be.  Martin enters and is surprised by 
this lifeless scene.

Martin: Leo, I don't think you told that story right!

Scene Five - the Pub
Meanwhile, in the Ladies room at the "Fox & Whistle", Clare and Daphne 
are having a little chat.  Daphne is carefully brushing out her hair.

 Clare: I think that Steven likes you!
Daphne: I hope so.  He's adorable.  I must say I was flattered when 
        he assumed I was an underwear model too.
 Clare: I noticed you didn't rush to correct him.
Daphne: There'll be time for that after the wedding! [they laugh] 
        Ah, maybe I should just tell Dr. Crane to run along home. 
 Clare: I'm surprised you even brought your boss down here, I
        couldn't never relax around mine.  What if he took a liking 
        to the place?
Daphne: [laughs] Oh that's nothing I have to worry about, this pub
        really isn't his style!

Daphne and Clare leave the ladies to find a big group around the 
piano singing "Roll Out The Barrel."  Frasier is mid-centre.

   Gang: Zing, boom, tararrel!
         Ring out a song of good cheer! 
         It's time to roll out the barrel! 
         Coz the gangs all here!
Frasier: Daphne, come and sing a song with us!
 Daphne: Well, actually...


Frasier: Oh, you're not shy about singing in the house. 
 Steven: You two live together?
Frasier: Yes!  She's my dad's health care worker.
 Steven: [to Daphne:] I thought you modeled underwear!
Frasier: No!  Only if her robes aren't stitched up tight enough! 
         [laughs]

Steven walks away; Daphne shouts after him.

Terrence: Come on Frasier, we're going to do "Knees Up Mother Brown".
 Frasier: I don't know "Knees Up Mother Brown".  I know what, let's
          bring some sheet music tomorrow night.
  Daphne: Tomorrow?!
 Frasier: Yes.
  Daphne: But you can't!  I mean... do you know you have that gallery
          opening tomorrow? 
 Frasier: No, but if you hum a few bars I'll try to pick it up! [laughs]

The gang begin singing "Roll Out The Barrel" again as Daphne looks 
bewildered and angry. The scene freezes at the end of the act with 
Frasier having fun.  This looks similar to the "Cheers" opening 
credits.

End Of Act One. (Time: 9:12)

Act Two. 

Scene One - Apartment
Martin is on the phone to Sherry, he's ready for some action.

Martin: [into phone:] Hey Sherry, Daphne's finally clearing out for
        the night.  Why don't you come over?  I'll, er, you know, get 
        a fire going, open a bottle of bubbly, put a little Bobby 
        Darin on the stereo, and then look out, Mackie's back in town!  
        Yes, I thought it up before I called you.  What's the 
        difference?  OK, see you soon. [Daphne enters] Wow, 
        Daphne, don't you look beautiful.
Daphne: Thank you.  It's so nice to finally have my pub back 
        again.  At least for a night.
Martin: Yeah. 
Daphne: You are sure Dr. Crane has plans?
Martin: Oh, yeah, Niles called; they're going to the opera. 
Daphne: Let's hope it's one of those long German ones - I don't want
        him showing up for last call!
Martin: Right!

Martin leaves to his bedroom as Frasier enters.

Frasier: Good evening, Daphne.  Wow, you look smashing!
 Daphne: Oh thanks, I'm was just on my way out.
Frasier: What, to the "Fox & Whistle"?  I'll go with you!  Let me 
         just grab me mack and me brolly and Bob's your uncle!
 Daphne: But wait!  I thought you were going to the opera with your
         brother?
Frasier: That's tomorrow night.  Gee, I hope Winston's at the pub - 
         I owe him five quid from the other night!
 Daphne: Suddenly I'm not feeling so well.
Frasier: Oh, really?  I hope it's not that flu that's going around. 
 Daphne: I think I'll just stay home tonight.
Frasier: Yes, yes, that's probably for the best.  You've got to be
         careful what you bring down to the pub with you.
 Daphne: [trying to drop a hint:] Tell me about it!


At that moment Niles enters from the front door.

Frasier: Hello, Niles. 
  Niles: Frasier.
Frasier: Something the matter?
  Niles: [pouring a sherry] Oh, I had a rough night last night. 
Frasier: How so?
  Niles: Oh, I gave Maris her birthday saddle. She was so thrilled
         she treated me to a little Lady Godiva impression.
Frasier: Oh, my!
  Niles: Apparently the oils in the saddle reacted badly with her
         cellulite cream and created a powerful epoxy. 
Frasier: Oh, dear!
  Niles: Yes, it took an hour and a full bottle of nail polish
         remover to get her free.  Today her poor little thighs were
         so sore the only way she could find comfort was to straddle
         a frozen butterball turkey.  The only thing that cheered me
         up all day was the thought of our box at the opera tonight.
Frasier: Well, that's tomorrow night, Niles.
  Niles: No, no, it's tonight.  I have the tickets right here. 
         [waves them]
Frasier: Oh, no.
  Niles: [surprised:] Is there a problem?
Frasier: Well yes, there's a billiard tournament at the pub tonight. 
  Niles: You're passing up "Orpheus & Eurydice" to shoot pool at some
         sticky-bear salon?!
Frasier: Yeah well, my partner, Terrence has agreed to skip a family
         wedding just to participate - I can't leave him in the lurch. 
         Isn't there somebody else who could take my place?
  Niles: At this point I just so need to be by myself.  My brother 
         has abandoned me, my wife is cursing my name.  Tonight when
         Orpheus descends into hell, I'll be there waiting for him
         with a fruit basket! [exits, Frasier follows]
Frasier: Oh, Niles!  You can't stay mad at me, I promise I'll make it
         up to you.  Press for the lift, won't you?  Don't look at me
         that way, that's what they call it!

Frasier and Niles leave as Martin enters.  He dims the lights down 
and lights a couple of candles as he prances around, excited.  Daphne 
suddenly walks in, in robe, and brings the lights back up.

Daphne: Why is it so bloody dark in here?  It's bad enough I have to
        stay home all evening, I'm not going blind as well!
Martin: What?  You're staying in tonight?
Daphne: I don't have much choice, since that son of yours decided to 
        go to my pub again.  I mean, imagine being so dense that he 
        can completely ruin someone else's evening and not even be 
        aware of it.  This wax is dripping! [blows out candles]
Martin: Have you tried maybe dropping a hint? [pops open the
        champagne loudly]
Daphne: Oh believe me, I've dropped plenty; they go right over his
        head! [notices bubbly:] Oh, I'll have a glass of that! 
Martin: Daphne, I've got to level with you: Sherry's coming over and 
        I really hoped to have the place to myself tonight.  You know,
        I really think you should talk to Frasier, and I'm not just
        saying this because I want you to get the hell out of here!
        It's your pub and you ought to tell him that he's got to find
        his own place.
Daphne: I can't say that!
Martin: Well the longer you let it go, the more attached he's going
        to get to that place.
Daphne: But he's my boss.
Martin: But it's your pub. 


Daphne: OK.  That's it, I'm going to talk to him.
Martin: Good for you. 

The phone rings as Daphne leaves.  Martin answers it.

Martin: [to phone:] Hello?  No, Maris, sorry, you just missed him.  
        Why are you teeth chattering?  You're kidding me.  Can't you 
        just use the defroster?!

Scene Two - The Pub
In "The Fox & Whistle", Frasier is giving his sorrows to Terrence 
about his billiard playing.

 Frasier: Gee Terrence, I never dreamed we'd be eliminated from the
          tournament in the first round.  Guess I'm a little rustier
          than I thought.  Hey, maybe you can still make that wedding
          reception.
Terrence: It's in Liverpool!
 Frasier: Well then, [takes pints] these are on me. 

Winston notices Daphne and everyone says "hi."  This is getting 
to be quite the cliché by now.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane, I have to talk to you.
Frasier: By all means, Daphne.  Oh, Winston, let's have one of these
         pints for Miss Moon, please. [he hands one over] Oh, this is
         a really nice surprise, Daphne, you must be feeling better.
         Here we are.  You make a toast. 
 Daphne: I don't want you coming down here ever again!
Frasier: Well, I guess "here's mud in your eye" sounded mean the
         first time too!
 Daphne: I'm sorry if that sounds a bit harsh, but I don't know what
         else to do.  This pub is where I come to get away from things -
         including my job - and you are my boss...
Frasier: Daphne, I'm so sorry. 
 Daphne: I know that must sound selfish.
Frasier: No, no, not at all.  You know, back in Boston I had a bar 
         like this one, I certainly understand what it's like to have 
         a place where you can get away.  So, we've just got one
         solution: This is your bar, I'll just go.
 Daphne: I do appreciate this, Dr. Crane.  I know you've made friends
         here too.
Frasier: I've only been coming here a week - you've got a history
         here!
 Daphne: They've become like family to me.
Frasier: Yes, I'll just settle up and go. 

A man walks in who everybody greets as Freddy.

 Freddy: Hey, I haven't been gone that long - two months is all.  [to
         Daphne:] Who's this pretty new girl?
Winston: Oh, that's Daphne.  She's Clare's friend.  She's only been
         coming in the last month or so. 
Frasier: A month?
 Daphne: [ignoring:] Hello.  Well, I'll see you at home, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: You've only been coming down here for a month?
 Daphne: That's still longer than you!
Frasier: Yes, well there's certainly no way I'm leaving now!
 Daphne: What?
Frasier: Daphne, this bar has filled up a void in my life.  I'm not
         just going to throw that away just because you beat me here
         by a fortnight!
 Daphne: Stop talking like us!


Winston: Here, here, I don't know what you two are arguing about, but
         we settle things around here with a quick game of cricket.
         [gives Frasier some darts]
Frasier: Darts?
Winston: Yeah, rules are on the board. 
 Daphne: There's gotta be a better way than that.
Frasier: Oh I don't know.  It's decisive, better than standing around
         here bickering.
 Daphne: It's not exactly my game.
Frasier: Well, it's not mine either.
 Daphne: Well, alright.  Let's try it. 
Frasier: You shoot first, Daphne.  You know, I'm rather proud of us:
         two people in conflict, we've found a civilised way to
         settle it.

Daphne throws her first dart and Frasier notices what she has done.

Frasier: Oh, my! 
 Daphne: Is that good?
Frasier: Quite good.
 Daphne: Lucky shot, then.

Daphne throws her last two shots.

Frasier: Daphne, If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying
         to hustle me!
 Daphne: [laughs] Oh, not at all.  I may have played a game or two of
         feathers in my day. 
Frasier: A game or two?  You've just made about the most difficult
         shot on the board!
 Daphne: Actually, that's only the second most difficult.

Frasier takes his first shot.

 Daphne: [taken aback] That's the most difficult. 
Frasier: Come to think of it, there might have been a dart board in 
         that bar in Boston...

Scene Three
Later, Daphne and Frasier are nearing the end of their game. 

 Daphne: Well look at that, it's all tied up!
Frasier: Yes, who would have guessed those hands are so skilled.
         Certainly no one who's sampled your corned beef hash! [throws
         shot:] Ha!  I score again!
 Daphne: That's not something we hear out of your mouth very often!

Daphne lines up her next shot.

Frasier: You don't want to rush this. [Daphne loses her
         concentration] A lot riding on this shot. [She loses it
         again] 
 Daphne: There is such a thing as sportsmanship.
Frasier: Oh, really?  This from a woman who made armpit noises during
         my last round!

Daphne plays a bad shot.

 Daphne: Sod!
Frasier: [sarcastic:] I am so sorry, Daphne!  Now all I have to do is
         make this relatively simple shot - unless of course you'd like
         to concede defeat.
 Daphne: [laughs] That's typical American arrogance.  We Brits don't


         know the meaning of the word "defeat!"
Frasier: Oh really, then I suppose you're not acquainted with that
         little spat we refer to as the Revolutionary War! 

The surrounding Anglicans here his words and begin standing up.

 Daphne: Oh, just like a Yank!  Insulting us Brits to cover up your
         inferiority complex!
Frasier: What exactly should we feel inferior about, your pioneering
         work in the field of soccer hooliganism?!
 Daphne: Oh, say your worst.  We both know there isn't as much dignity
         in this entire country as our Queen's got in her little
         finger.
Frasier: [sarcastic:] Oh yes, you've really bested me there, what
         could be more dignified than a dainty old sandbag who wears
         a flowerpot on her head! [takes shot] I win!  The bar is mine!

Frasier turns round and sees everyone looking down on him in a gang.

 Frasier: Oh, lose the long faces, lads, I'm staying.  Oh good Lord, 
          I hope you didn't take those little barbs about the motherland 
          seriously!
Terrence: Perhaps you'd better leave now.

They march forward as one, pressing him out.

 Frasier: Oh, Daphne'll tell you there's no greater Anglophile than I.
          I have all my suits made at Savile Row.  I spell "colour" with
          a "u!"

But he's gone.  Daphne smiles and takes a stool.

Scene Four
The next day, in Café Nervosa, Frasier meets Niles after a long time 
away.

Frasier: Hello, Niles.
  Niles: Well, look who's here.  Take a wrong turn on the way to the
         pub?
Frasier: Actually, that scene has grown tiresome, and I... I miss this
         place.
  Niles: I've spoken to Daphne.  I take it it's over over there.
Frasier: You don't have to rub it in.  Anyway, I know I owe you an
         apology for the other night so, here.  I've brought you a 
         peace offering. [hands a CD to Niles]
  Niles: "Orpheus & Eurydice", thank you Frasier. [gasps:] The
         Glyndeborne production!  I don't have this one.
Frasier: You're going to love it!  The choice is particularly moving, 
         and Janet Baker's Act Three aria is...

Now we travel back in time to prep school where a young Frasier is 
also giving a peace offering to young Niles.

Young Frasier: -is quite simply it's the best consecutive aria I've 
               ever heard.
  Young Niles: Oh thank you, Frasier.  I don't have "Orpheus &
               Eurydice" on 8-track yet!  I'm surprised to see you -
               [sarcastic:] No woodworking club today?
Young Frasier: Oh, to tell you the truth, I've grown tired of that
               crowd, with their stupid bookends and birdhouses.  As
               soon as I've finished slacking my shoe trees I'm out 
               of there. 
  Young Niles: You got thrown out, didn't you?


Young Frasier: I did not.
  Young Niles: Frasier, I can see right through you.
Young Frasier: Are you a psychiatrist?!
  Young Niles: Oh no, I'm not a psychiatrist but I can see it in your
               face...

They begin arguing just as they do in the modern day.

End Of Act Two. (Time: 20:00)

Credits:

It's Martin's poker night again. Frasier has decided to sit in. 
Martin leaves to get the beers but Frasier manages to hustle them 
away to the other side of the room.  He gets them on the piano - 
singing.  When Martin comes back he's mad so he sits down and cheats 
on the poker game.  

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 RON DEAN as Frank
 PAUL CUSIMANO as Waiter 
 ANDREW DORSETT as Young Frasier
 AL FANN as Jimmy
 GABRIELLE FITPATRICK as Clare
 BILL GRATTON as Leo
 JOHN LaMOTTA as Duke 
 LAURENCE LAU as Steven
 DAVID MANIS as Terrence
 ADRIAN NEIL as Freddy
 MARK RYAN as Winston
 MICHAEL WELCH as Young Niles

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 1999 by Nick Hartley. This
 episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission.


