
[5.20]First Date

First Date                                 Written by Rob Hanning
                                           Directed by Kelsey Grammer
=====================================================================
Production Code: 5.20
Original Airdate on NBC: 28th April 2000
Synopsis written on 16th January 2000
Transcript written on May 30th 2000
Transcript revised on 5th June 2001

Transcript {david langley}

Act 1

Scene 1 - Frasier's Booth
Fade in.  Frasier's booth - Roz is checking things over when Frasier 
bursts in.

Frasier: Dear God!
    Roz: Hey, Frasier.
Frasier: It's a minefield out there!  Everywhere I go, people are 
         talking about this mini-series I've been watching!
    Roz: Oh, yeah!  Did you see the ending last night?  When that...
Frasier: Bup, bup, bup, bup!  I attended a benefit last night.  I had 
         to tape it, and I have yet to see it.
    Roz: Oh, well who would have thought it?  Mr. "PBS" watching a 
         trashy mini-series.
Frasier: I don't think it's trashy at all!  In fact, I think the 
         intricacies of the plot are downright Dickensian.
    Roz: Yeah, Angie Dickensian!
Frasier: Anyway, I'm just having a very difficult time having a 
         conversation without having to avoid people telling me 
         the ending.

A woman, Betty, sticks her head around the door.

  Betty: Hi, Roz!  Did you watch last night?
    Roz: Yes! 
  Betty: Wasn't it great when...

Frasier rushes to the door.

Frasier: Yes, goodbye, Betty.

He pushes Betty outside and closes the door.  FADE OUT.

Scene 2 - Frasier's Apartment.
Fade in.  Frasier's Apartment.  Frasier comes through the door and 
slams his keys down on the case beside it.

 Daphne: Hey, Dr. Crane, how was your day?

He tears off his coat, stomps over to the hooks and hangs it up.


Frasier: Interminable!  Is the tape in the VCR?
 Daphne: Yes, all cued up.  Oh, you've got to call me when you get 
         to the part with Heather's baby.
Frasier: [going towards the sherry, turns and stares at her] Heather 
         had a baby?
 Daphne: Sorry.
Frasier: Well, who's the father?  Oh no, no, no, don't tell me.

He gets his sherry as Daphne heads for the kitchen.

 Daphne: I'll go put your popcorn in the microwave.
Frasier: Thank you.

He takes his sherry over to the couch, sits down and gives out a 
happy little sigh in preparation for an evening of couch potato 
bliss.  Martin enters.

 Martin: Hey, Fras.
Frasier: Hi, Dad.
 Martin: Look, I got some bad news.  I guess there isn't a good way 
         to tell you somethin' like this.  Your god-uncle died.
Frasier: [confused] My...god-uncle? [Martin nods] There's no such thing 
         as a god-uncle.
 Martin: Yes there is!  It's your godfather's brother.  You remember 
         your god-uncle Charlie.
Frasier: No!  I barely even remember my godfather, he died twenty years 
         ago.
 Martin: Oh, yeah?  Well now his brother's dead too, so shake a leg!  
         The wake's in twenty minutes.
Frasier: Dad, you know as much as I'd like to pay my respects, catch 
         up with my god-cousins and meet the god-neighbors, I have 
         some urgent business that just can't wait until later.

Daphne comes in with a bowl.

 Daphne: All right, here's your popcorn...and the remote.  There, 
         enjoy your show.

Martin gives him a sour look.

Frasier: [getting up] Oh, all right!  One hour!  I don't even know 
         why I'm going.  The man was a ghoul, he used to hide his 
         glass eye in my marble bag!
 Martin: [excited] I knew you remembered him!

They get up and move towards the hall, the doorbell rings.

 Martin: Just give me a couple minutes to get changed.

Frasier goes to the door, opens it to reveal Niles.

  Niles: [coming in] Hello, Frasier.
Frasier: Hello, Niles.  Ooh, Niles, you'd be smart to get out of here.  
         Dad's dragging me off to a wake for my god-uncle Charlie.
  Niles: Is he the one who used to plop his eyeball into his mashed 
         potatoes and say "I'm watching what I eat"?
Frasier: Yes!

Niles makes a very disturbed face, then - 

  Niles: So, is Daphne here?
Frasier: Uh, yes, she is.  Why?
  Niles: [hanging up his coat] I'm asking her out on a date.  And 


         don't give me that look... why shouldn't I?  She's single.  
         I'm single.  That's what single people do.
Frasier: Are you sure you're ready for this?
  Niles: Will you stop it?  I'm not talking about eloping here, 
         it's just dinner.
Frasier: Well, all right.  I suppose you've thought this through.  
         Maybe it is time.  

Daphne enters on this last line, carrying a laundry basket.

 Daphne: Time for what?
Frasier: Time for me to, uh, put this popcorn away for later.  

He grabs the bowl and heads to the kitchen.

 Daphne: Aren't you going to watch your program?
  Niles: Apparently he has to take Dad to a wake.
 Daphne: Oh. [She heads for the door.]
  Niles: Listen, Daphne.  Do you have a minute?
 Daphne: [turning back] Sure.
  Niles: There's something I wanted to ask you.  Nothing earth-
         shattering, it's just, uh...
 Daphne: Yes?
  Niles: [after a nervous pause] What's that perfume you're wearing?
 Daphne: [smiling] Leave it to you to notice.  It's Obsession.
  Niles: No!  No it isn't!  I was just curious.
 Daphne: No, I'm quite sure it's Calvin Klein's Obsession.
  Niles: Oh, yes!  It's very pleasing.
 Daphne: I've even spray a bit on my brush and comb it through my hair.  
         Silly really, as if anyone's going to smell my hair.

She leaves, Niles stares dreamily at the door for a second, then 
rushes to the kitchen.

Frasier: Well, what did she say?
  Niles: I couldn't do it!  I was about to ask the question, then 
         all I could think of was, what if she said "No'?"!
Frasier: Oh, Niles.  No surprise.  After all you've been through 
         with Maris, you were just scared of another rejection.
  Niles: I was more than scared, I was terrified.  I can't go on 
         like this. [He goes to the refrigerator to get a bottle of 
         water.] Worshipping Daphne from afar...  Do you have any 
         idea how frustrating it is to be completely in love with 
         someone and not be able to tell her how you feel?

He turns and drops his bottle in a start.  Daphne is standing in the 
kitchen doorway with a surprised look on her face.  Frasier is as 
shocked as Niles.

 Daphne: Sorry.  I, I just came back for the fabric softener.  I didn't 
         mean...  I'm sorry. [She turns and rushes from the kitchen.]
  Niles: [completely panicked] Oh, my God!
Frasier: Oh, my God!
  Niles: Oh, my God!  Frasier, how long was she standing there?
Frasier: I don't know.  If I'd known Daphne was standing there, I would 
         have said "Shut up, Daphne's standing there."
  Niles: You saw how she ran out of here.  She heard.  She heard 
         everything.
Frasier: Niles, Niles, Niles.  Listen, calm down.  Now listen, this 
         may even be for the best.  You said you wanted to take the 
         next step.
  Niles: Next step?!  I was just hurled down the entire flight of 
         stairs!  I can't believe this is actually happening!  Did 


         Daphne really hear me say that [Daphne comes back in] I'm 
         completely in love with - AAHH!
 Daphne: I'm sorry!  I really do need that fabric softener.

She gets it out of a cabinet while Niles clutches the bottle of 
water with a look of panic and apprehension on his face, then exits.

Frasier: Niles, you've got to talk to her!
  Niles: Now?!  I can't!
Frasier: If you wait, it will only become incredibly awkward!  You 
         can't leave things like this, Niles. [He grabs a sputtering 
         Niles around the shoulders and pushes him towards the living 
         room.] Come on, you've got to resolve it now.  
         Go, go! [Frasier heads for the bedrooms.]
  Niles: Daphne!
 Daphne: Oh, Dr. Crane, I didn't mean...

He starts talking and they interrupt each other.  They grind to a 
halt and - 

  Niles: Go ahead.
 Daphne: I'm terribly sorry.  I know I wasn't supposed to hear that.
  Niles: No, I'm glad you heard.  It's something I've been wanting to 
         tell you for the longest time.
 Daphne: Well, what took you so long? [She smiles.] I think it's 
         wonderful.
  Niles: [breaking into a surprised grin] You do?
 Daphne: Yes, of course I do! [She puts the softener down and runs 
         to him.] Oh, you dear sweet man, give me a hug!

She throws her arms around him.  Niles, stunned and ecstatic, 
returns the hug.  They share a happy laugh and smile at each other.   
Daphne takes his hands in hers.

 Daphne: So, who is she?
  Niles: [confused] Who?
 Daphne: Well, this woman you're so in love with.  Who is she?
  Niles: [a grin frozen on his face] You didn't hear that part, did 
         you?
 Daphne: No, so come on!  What's her name?  You can't back out now.
  Niles: No, you're right, I can't.  OK, her name.  Well, her name 
         just happens to be Da - Phyllis. [A look of "WHAT did I 
         say?" crosses his brow.]
 Daphne: Oh, I've never heard that name.  DaPhyllis.
  Niles: It's a family name.  Her friends call her "Phyllis."  'Scuse 
         me. [He turns and goes to the kitchen.] I'll get some water.

She smiles after him.  Frasier comes in.

Frasier: Where's Niles?
 Daphne: Oh, he's in the kitchen.  I'm sorry to barge in on the two 
         of you like that.
Frasier: Oh, that's all right Daphne.  Did you and Niles have a 
         little chat?
 Daphne: Oh, yes!  He was a bit shy at first, but then he came clean.  
         I must say, I couldn't be happier!
Frasier: Well, that is wonderful!  Let me be the first to raise a glass 
         to... [Niles charges in from the kitchen, alarm in his eyes 
         and waves him off with a big gesture.] to god-uncle Charlie.  
         You know, Daphne, as long as you're doing the laundry, the 
         kitchen towels could use a washing.  Oh, and my oven mitts are 
         getting a bit crunchy.
 Daphne: All, right then.


Daphne heads to the kitchen.  Niles has sunk onto a chair at the 
table.

Frasier: What the hell is going on?
  Niles: All she heard was that I was in love with someone.  She never 
         heard who.  And when she asked, I panicked and blurted out the 
         first name that popped into my head - Phyllis.
Frasier: Phyllis?!
  Niles: It's a neighbor I saw on the elevator this morning.  The woman 
         had a sesame seed stuck between her front teeth.  It was the 
         size of a blanched almond.
Frasier: Oh, lord. 
  Niles: Maybe it was a blanched almond.  If she had Muselix for 
         breakfast it could have been...
Frasier: [grabbing his hand] Niles, stop!  You have got to clear 
         this up.

Daphne comes from the kitchen with the towels and mitts.

Frasier: Oh, well, I'm off to...bring the car around for Dad.
 Daphne: Bye-bye.
  Niles: Bye. 

Frasier goes out the door.  Niles nervously sits on the couch.

 Daphne: All right now:  Tell me more about this Phyllis.
  Niles: Oh.  Actually, Daphne, I'd rather not.
 Daphne: Oh, come on, you said you wanted to talk about it.  
         So, have you asked her out, yet?
  Niles: No.
 Daphne: And why not?  You said yourself you were in love with her.  
         [Martin enters.]
 Martin: In love with who?
 Daphne: Phyllis.
 Martin: Who's Phyllis?
  Niles: [getting up] A woman I met.
 Daphne: And he's quite keen on her.  I've just been giving him some 
         dating advice.
 Martin: Oh, Niles.  All you need to know is that women go crazy for 
         flattery.  It doesn't matter if it's a big fat lie:  
         They'll still buy it.  But whatever advice Daphne's giving 
         you too, must be great.  'Cause she's smart as a whip.
 Daphne: Oh, thank you Mr. Crane.

Martin winks at Niles behind her back and goes out the door.

 Daphne: So, tell me about this dream woman of yours.
  Niles: Oh, I don't know.
 Daphne: Oh, come on!  I can see you're crazy about her.
  Niles: Well, all right.  She's very beautiful.  And very sweet.            
         And she has a smile that makes my knees weaken. [Daphne 
         smiles at this and Niles looks away as his heart speeds up 
         a bit.]
 Daphne: You know Dr. Crane, if this woman is as wonderful as you say 
         she is, then you shouldn't waste another moment.  She won't 
         be on the market forever.
  Niles: You're right.  I've been a fool to hesitate as long as I have.
 Daphne: That's the spirit!
  Niles: I'm gonna do it!
 Daphne: Good for you!  Don't leave time for second thoughts. [She 
         grabs his coat from the hall.] You go ask her out this 
         instant.


  Niles: Daphne, that won't be necessary.
 Daphne: I know you're feeling brave, but it's quite nasty out.
  Niles: No, you don't understand.  I don't have to leave this room 
         to ask "Phyllis" on a date.
 Daphne: You don't?
  Niles: No, because, [he steels himself] because you see, Daphne: 
         [he looks her right in the eye] I know her work number by 
         heart!
 Daphne: Well, then!

Daphne turns to grab the phone, and Niles clenches his fists and 
stomps his feet in a tantrum against his own cowardice.  When Daphne 
turns back, he puts a big smile on his face and turns the stomping 
into a happy little jump.  Daphne bounces up and down a couple of 
times with him.

 Daphne: Oh, look at me!  My heart's racing!
  Niles: [dialing] Mine, too.  Phyllis, hello!  Niles Crane!  How are 
         you? ... Um, I was wondering if you would want to have dinner 
         with me sometime?

CUT TO: Niles' apartment at the Montana.  The answering machine is 
on a table.

  Niles: [voice over from machine] You would?  How 'bout tonight 
         at my place? ... Eight o'clock sounds great!

FADE OUT

End of Act 1

Act 2

THE POTATOES ARE THE POLITICIANS

Scene 1 - Niles' Apartment
Fade in.   Niles's apartment.  He is sitting on the sofa, playing 
solitaire while talking on the phone.

  Niles: So, anyway, what would you do, if you were in my position?  
         Would you tell her everything and just let the chips fall 
         where they may, or...?  Uh, yeah.  Well I do see your point. 
         [Doorbell rings.] I have to run.  So, I'll take the three-year 
         subscription and the travel clock.

He hangs up and answers the door.  Daphne is there with a pie.

  Niles: Daphne!
 Daphne: Hello.  I was out doing some shopping, and I, I thought you 
         might need some desert for your big dinner with Phyllis 
         tonight. [She comes in.]
  Niles: Oh, yes!  Well, I was just doing some last minute tidying up 
         [grabs up the playing cards] for that...
 Daphne: And I suppose you've got about eight things cooking on the 
         stove.
  Niles: Of course.
 Daphne: So, I'll get out of your way.  Soon as I pop this in the 
         fridge. 

She heads for the kitchen, Niles desperately trying to stop her.

  Niles: No, no.  Please, don't trouble yourself.  I'll do it.


They enter the kitchen.  It is spotless, with nothing being cooked 
at all.  There is a box by the stove.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane!  There's barely enough pasta her for one person.  
         Is this your idea of a romantic dinner?
  Niles: Well...
 Daphne: Ugh, thank heavens I stopped by. [Opens up the refrigerator.] 
         I can whip up a salad with what's in here, I'll stick this 
         roast in the microwave to defrost, where do you keep the 
         cooking sherry?
  Niles: You know what, Daphne, you're right.  I am completely under-
         prepared for this.  Why don't I call Phyllis and put her off 
         until next week?
 Daphne: You're not backing out of this now!  Don't worry, I'll fix 
         this place RIGHT up for a nice intimate evening.  Candles, 
         some soft music...  I know those things always put me in a 
         romantic mood.
  Niles: Well I suppose it would be rude of me to cancel...
 Daphne: Course it would.  Now hurry up and get ready!  And wear that 
         blue blazer of yours, no woman can resist you in that.

Niles gets a faraway look in his eyes.

  Niles: Right.
 Daphne: Good lord, look at the time! [She grabs him by the shoulders 
         and pushes him out of the kitchen.] Honestly, Dr. Crane, 
         sometimes I wonder what kind of a fantasy world you're living 
         in.  Now go on!

She slaps him on the backside.  He jumps and a silly grin joins the 
faraway look as he races up the stairs.

DISSOLVE TO:

Scene 2 - Niles' apartment.  There is a small, intimate dinner table 
set for two.  Daphne has lit candles all over the apartment.  An opera 
is playing on the stereo.  Niles (in his blue blazer) comes down the 
stairs, stunned at what she has done to the place.

 Daphne: Oh, don't you look handsome.
  Niles: Thank you.  Daphne, this place looks wonderful.  And excellent 
         choice of music, I love this aria!
 Daphne: Yes, she has a gorgeous voice, doesn't she?  It's a pity she 
         never got quite the recognition of a Joan Sutherland or a 
         Renata Tebaldi.
  Niles: [surprised at the depth of her comment] I had no idea you knew 
         so much about sopranos.
 Daphne: Yeah, well, you don't live with your brother for five years 
         and not learn a thing or two about divas. [They laugh as 
         she moves to the kitchen.] By the way, the roast is coming 
         along nicely.  How are you at chopping vegetables?
  Niles: Are you kidding?  You don't get forearms like these from 
         just... conducting your stereo. 

He follows her in.

 Daphne: Oh, I'm very excited for you.  I just love first dates.  
         [They wash their hands in the sink together.]
  Niles: I don't see why.  They're always so awkward.
 Daphne: Yeah, but once in a while, when the chemistry's just right, 
         they can be magical.  The "me, too's" as you realize all you 
         have in common, the electricity of that first accidental 


         touch... Soon, you're letting your guard down and saying 
         the silliest things.

They both reach for the paper towels and brush hands.

  Niles: Oh, sorry.  You touched me, now we have to get married.
 Daphne: [giggling] Here you are. [She hands him a towel.  Again, he 
         has a "WHAT did I just say?" look.]
  Niles: [brushing past her] Sorry.
 Daphne: Sorry.  Now, I was thinking for the salad: some cucumbers 
         and carrots.  How 'bout some celery? [She begins cutting 
         carrots as he slices the cucumber.]
  Niles: Oh, no.  No celery, hate the stuff.
 Daphne: Me, too.  Why do you have it, then?
  Niles: I guess it's just habit.  Maris used to liked to have it 
         around in case she felt like binging.
 Daphne: When I was little, I actually thought celery was the meanest 
         vegetable.  Radishes were the smartest, beets were the 
         policemen... 

They begin to chop at the same pace.

  Niles: Do you hear that?  We're chopping in rhythm.
 Daphne: Yes, we are, aren't we? [To the rhythm of the chopping - ] 
         Dum-da, dum-da, dum-da, dum-da...

She keeps this up as Niles begins to sing.

  Niles: Heart and soul, 
         I fell in love with you,
         Heart and soul, 
         The way a fool would do...

Daphne joins in, and - 

   Both: Madly!  
         Because you held me tight, and stole 
         a kiss in the night!
  Niles: Buh-buh-buh...

The break up laughing and playfully slap each other on the arms.  
The doorbell rings.

  Niles: Oh, damn!  Who could that be?
 Daphne: [excited] It's Phyllis!

Niles gets a look on his face along the lines of "You're probably 
right.", followed by "HUH?"

 Daphne: Well go on!  Go and let her in. [Pushes him towards the door.]

Niles exits the kitchen and crosses the living room.

  Niles: [singing under his breath] 
         Go away, 
         whoever's at the door, 
         Go away, 
         And don't come back no more...

He opens the door to reveal Frasier.

  Niles: Frasier!  I thought you were supposed to be at a wake.
Frasier: We left!  Even the mourners were babbling about the mini-


         series.
  Niles: Well, I'm sure you're in a rush to get back home and watch 
         the rest of the show...
Frasier: No, no, Niles.  Actually, everybody's heading over to the 
         Kiwanis club to have a post-wake kegger.  Could you please 
         take Dad?
  Niles: Me?
Frasier: Please!
  Niles: Well, they're your god-family!

Daphne comes out of the kitchen.

 Daphne: Oh, Dr. Crane.  I thought you were Phyllis.
Frasier: Phyllis?
 Daphne: Yeah, she's due any moment, so you better be runnin' along.  
         I'll be leaving meself as soon as the roast is done.

Frasier's mouth is open in shock, Niles is staring at the floor in
embarrassment.

Frasier: Daphne... is cooking dinner... for your date with a fictitious 
         woman.  Why not just set a place for the March Hare and the 
         Mad Hatter?!
  Niles: I didn't plan for this to happen, but we are having the most 
         perfect evening!  I'm feeling my confidence return, I just 
         need a few more minutes alone, and I'll be able to tell her 
         everything. [The doorbell rings.]
Frasier: Niles, the longer you continue with this absurd lie, the 
         more likely it is to blow up in your face!
  Niles: Why are you always such a doomsayer?  As long as I keep track 
         of what I'm saying, nothing is going to blow up on anyone! 
         [He opens the door, a woman is standing there.] Phyllis!
Frasier: [whimsically] Ka-Boom!
Phyllis: Hello, Dr. Crane.  Some of you mail wound up in my box today.
  Niles: Oh, well, aren't you considerate?
Phyllis: [to Frasier] Hello.
Frasier: Hello, I'm Frasier, Niles's brother.
Phyllis: Oh, well, I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
  Niles: As a matter of fact, we...

Daphne comes in from the kitchen.  Frasier watches all of the next 
bit with a very bemused smile on his face.

 Daphne: Hello... You must be Phyllis!
Phyllis: Yes.  Do I know you?
 Daphne: I'm Daphne. [as a private aside] I'm just a friend. [She 
         heads back to the kitchen.] Make yourself comfortable.  We 
         were starting to worry about you.
Phyllis: Excuse me?
 Daphne: Can I get you a glass of wine?
Phyllis: Well, all right, I guess.  I mean I really just came by to 
         drop off...
 Daphne: I'll be back in a snap. [She goes into the kitchen.]
Phyllis: That woman seemed to think that you were expecting me.
  Niles: Yes, I've been making an effort to meet my neighbors, and I 
         guess you didn't get the invitation.
Phyllis: No.  It's just dumb luck that I happened to stop by tonight.

Daphne brings a glass of wine to Phyllis.

 Daphne: Here we are.  Now, the appetizers are almost ready, and it 
         won't be too much longer before the roast is done.  I hope 
         you're hungry. [She goes back into the kitchen.]


Phyllis: Oh, the invitation was for dinner?
  Niles: Yes, but don't you worry about it a bit, we'll do it 
         another time!
Phyllis: Well, I'd love to stay.

The doorbell rings, Niles opens it to find Martin.

 Martin: Hey, Niles.  Frasier, you comin' or not?
Frasier: In a minute, Dad.

Daphne brings a few things out and sets them on the table.

 Martin: Oh, Daph!  What are you doing here?
 Daphne: Helping Dr. Crane with his dinner.
 Martin: [to Phyllis] Oh, hi!  How ya doin'?  Marty Crane.
Phyllis: Hi, I'm Phyllis Conrad.
 Martin: Oh, ho, ho.  You're Phyllis, hunh?
 Daphne: Don't worry, we'll be going soon.  I know Dr. Crane's eager 
         to have you all to himself.
Phyllis: Really?
 Martin: Oh, yeah, he's been going on about you all week.
  Niles: Now, Dad...
 Martin: How pretty you are, how nice you dress...
  Niles: Dad, you don't want to be late for your kegger...
 Martin: Look at him!  I've embarrassed him.  He's blushing!
Phyllis: He's not the only one!
  Niles: Excuse me, Phyllis.  Frasier?  Could I, uh, just... [jerking 
         his head towards a private corner] You've gotta help me get 
         rid of her!
Frasier: Me?
  Niles: Yes!
Frasier: I've got my hands full with Dad.
 Martin: So, you really never had any idea he had his eye on you?
Phyllis: Well, I did catch him staring at me in the elevator, this 
         morning.  Now I know why.
 Daphne: Dr. Crane, would you give me a hand with the appetizers?
  Niles: Frasier? [He goes to the kitchen.]
Frasier: Dad?  You know, I guess it was time we were going.  Maybe 
         you could just press for the elevator and I'll be right 
         there in a minute.
 Martin: All right.  Very nice meeting you, Phyllis.
Phyllis: Yeah, bye-bye.

[Martin leaves.]

Phyllis: Well, I must say:  Your brother certainly kept his feelings 
         to himself; until tonight.
Frasier: Yes, well, he's always been the quiet type.  Especially... 
         since all the trouble with Heather.
Phyllis: Heather?

CUT TO: the kitchen; Daphne is giving Niles a plate of appetizers and 
last minute instructions.

 Daphne: Now remember, the pie should be heated, and there's fresh 
         whipped cream to put on the strawberries. [In a risque voice] 
         Or anything else if the night should take that turn...

Niles lets out a little laugh, with an 'Oh my God' face, then goes 
to the living room, where - 

Phyllis: [whispering] His wife was poisoned?
Frasier: [also whispering] Don't worry.  He stood trial, they never 


         proved a thing.

Niles comes up behind Phyllis and offers the plate up.  He is very 
nervous/anxious for Phyllis to be gone, but in light of Frasier's 
comments, looks a lot like Peter Lorre in a dangerous mood.

  Niles: Crab puffs?
Phyllis: No.  Thank you.  I, I just remembered.  There is someplace...  
         that I HAVE to be.  Thank you very much for the wine. [to 
         herself] Oh my God, I drank the wine!  

She desperately fumbles with the door and departs as quickly as 
possible.

  Niles: Well, thank you!  What did you tell her?
Frasier: I'll explain later, Niles.  Tell you what, though: don't plan 
         on running for the co-op board here anytime soon. 

He leaves.

 Daphne: [bringing the salads out] Where'd Phyllis go?
  Niles: She left.  She said she wasn't feeling well.
 Daphne: I hope you don't mind my saying so, you almost seem relieved 
         that she's gone.
  Niles: Relieved?  Well, Daphne, to tell you the truth, I am relieved.
 Daphne: I knew it.  This is all my fault.
  Niles: Hmm?
 Daphne: It's as clear as day, now.  You're just not ready for a 
         relationship, and there I was pushing you into it
  Niles: Daphne...
 Daphne: Even I could see how uncomfortable you were with Phyllis.  
         Well, she must have picked up on that, too, and that's the 
         real reason she left.  What was I thinking? [She sits down 
         on the couch.]
  Niles: [sitting beside her] No, Daphne, this is not your fault.
 Daphne: Yes, but I should have seen.  You're on the rebound, you're 
         still vulnerable... That's probably why you have so much 
         trouble asking for a simple date in the first place.
  Niles: [realizing] Yes, I, I suppose you're right.
 Daphne: I'm so sorry, Dr. Crane, I guess you just need to take some 
         more time.  You know, if you rush things you may end up 
         ruining something that has a real chance.  No smart woman 
         would ever get involved with a man that's in the middle of 
         a divorce, anyway.   I know I never would.
  Niles: Well, thank you, Daphne.  This has all been very helpful.  
         [He rises.] AND thank you for everything you did tonight, 
         even if it didn't work out exactly as I'd hoped.
 Daphne: Oh, what are friends for?

Niles takes the plate of crab puffs towards the kitchen.

 Daphne: I suppose we should start clearing all this up. [She rises.]

Niles turns, without excitement or nervousness, but instead a 
pure calm resolution.

  Niles: Actually, Daphne... would you like to stay and have dinner 
         with me?
 Daphne: You mean that?
  Niles: Yes.
 Daphne: Well... yes, that would be lovely.
  Niles: Wonderful.  May I pour you some wine?
 Daphne: Oh, yes. [She goes to him by the bar.] You know, I know it 


         seems hopeless right now, but I have a feeling that before 
         very long you'll be sitting down to a nice, romantic dinner 
         with the woman of your dreams.
  Niles: I think you may just be right.  Shall we?

They go to the table, where Niles holds out Daphne's chair.

 Daphne: Oh, thank you.

Niles leans forward and smells her hair. He gets that faraway look 
again.  Then he sits opposite her.

 Daphne: [raising her glass] Here's to us!

They touch glasses.  The opera comes up as they chat animatedly 
over dinner.  

FADE OUT

Credits:

Frasier is sitting on the sofa with a bowl of popcorn and Eddie, 
watching the end of the mini-series.  He has tears in his eyes and is 
moved by it.  He takes some popcorn and offers some to Eddie, holding 
back tears.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 CAROLINE AARON as Phyllis
 BETTE RAE as Elizabeth 

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley, David 
 Langley. This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright 
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


