
[6.3]Dial M For Martin

Dial M For Martin                            Written by Rob Greenberg
                                             Directed by Ken Lamkin              
=====================================================================
Production Code: 6.3
Episode Number In Production Order: 122
Original Airdate on NBC: 8th October 1998
Transcript written on 26th July 2000
Transcript revised on 8th November 2002

Transcript {david langley}

ACT ONE

Scene One - Frasier's Apartment
FADE IN.  Frasier comes stomping in from his room, Martin yelling at 
him from behind.

 Martin: Don't walk away from me when I'm yellin' at you!
Frasier: I'll walk away from you if I want to!  It's my house!
 Martin: Yes, don't I know it!  You have no respect for my stuff!
Frasier: Yes, well if you had labeled the cassette "Rodeo Bloopers", 
         I wouldn't have taped over it, I would have thrown it away!

Frasier storms out the front door.  Martin sits in his chair and 
starts to read a paper.  Frasier comes back in, contrite.

Frasier: Dad, I'm sorry.
 Martin: Forget it, Fras.
Frasier: You know, it's just that I've been so tense lately, being 
         out of work.
 Martin: I know, I know.  It's not easy, us both being home so much.
Frasier: Yeah, well I suppose that during this little in-between-jobs 
         period, we should just try to be extra careful not to get on 
         each other's nerves.
 Martin: All right, I'll do that.
Frasier: Good. [He notices something on the table by the door.] 
         Dad, what's this?
 Martin: Oh, a call came in for you.
Frasier: Rebecca Wendell!  Oh my God!
 Martin: Isn't she that model you've been after?
Frasier: Not just a model, Dad, a lingerie model!  I met her at the 
         symphony.  Wow, this is amazing!  When did this come in?
 Martin: About an hour ago.
Frasier: I was here an hour ago.
 Martin: Yeah, you were in the tub.
Frasier: [going to the phone] That didn't stop you yesterday when 
         you came in to ask me if a peach smelled funny!  For God's 
         sake, Dad...
 Martin: I'd like to know how this is my fault!  I put it right there 
         in the special message bowl that we're all supposed to use.
Frasier: Ah, it's her machine.  Well, thanks a lot, Dad!  I've been 
         looking forward to this for months!
 Martin: Well, now you know how I feel about the rodeo tape.
Frasier: Oh, for God's sake, the two things have no comparison 


         whatsoever...! [charmingly into the phone] Hello, Rebecca, 
         it's Frasier.  Sorry I missed you.  Please try again.  Uh, 
         bye. [He hangs up.] Well, I hope you're happy!  Now I have 
         to sit here all afternoon waiting for the phone to ring!
 Martin: As opposed to what you normally do?
Frasier: Oh, that's rich coming from you!  A man who’s spent the last 
         five years welded to his aptly named Lay-Z-Boy!
 Martin: [getting up] Well, I'm not so lazy that I can't get the 
         hell out of here!
Frasier: I haven't finished talking to you, yet!
 Martin: Well, I've finished listening!
Frasier: As usual, running away from the problem!
 Martin: Not the problem, the yammering!  You want to tape over 
         somethin'?  Try your mouth!

He slams the door on his way out.  Frasier stands there, furious.  

FADE OUT

Scene Two - Cafe Nervosa
FADE IN.  Martin is sitting at a table by the counter, Roz comes in.

    Roz: Hey, Martin.
 Martin: Oh, hi, Roz.
    Roz: Decaf latte to go, please.  So, is Frasier here?
 Martin: I hope not.
    Roz: Uh-oh.

She sits at the table.

 Martin: Oh, he's just been such a pill lately.
    Roz: Well, you know, it's tough for people when they're out of 
         work.  They just get a little tense and irritable. [The 
         waitress brings Roz a coffee cup.] To go!  I said to go!  
         [To Martin] So why don't you two take a little break from 
         each other?  Have you ever thought about, I don't know, 
         staying with Niles for a while?
 Martin: Out of the frying pan into the fire, huh?
    Roz: Well, think about it.  Niles's place is so huge, and he's at
         work all the time.
 Martin: That's true.  And Maris is out of the picture now.
    Roz: You know, I just thought of something: for a while there, 
         your daughters-in-law were Maris and Lilith. [Martin laughs] 
         Whoa, Happy Thanksgiving!
 Martin: Yeah.

Niles comes in.

 Martin: Hey, Niles.
  Niles: Hello.
    Roz: Niles.
  Niles: I'm not interrupting anything personal, am I?
    Roz: [taking Martin's hand] Yeah, Niles, we just eloped.  
         I'm your new mom. [Martin smiles and pats her hand.]
  Niles: Well, I'll be a son of a bitch.

Martin is shocked, but Roz and Niles just make faces at each other.

  Niles: [to waitress] Latte, please.
    Roz: So Martin, why don't you tell Niles your new idea?
 Martin: Well, actually, it was Roz's idea, but I think she might have 
         something, you know?  You know, Frasier and I have been kinda 
         buttin' heads lately...


  Niles: Well, Frasier has been very difficult.  I don't know how you 
         live with him.
 Martin: Well, that was Roz's idea.  She suggested that I move in 
         with you for a while.
  Niles: [dumbstruck] Did she?
 Martin: Yeah.  You know, we talked about it when I first got shot, 
         but of course Maris was the problem.  So I guess the big 
         question now is: do you still want me?
  Niles: [a fake smile pasted on] Oh, don't be silly.  I want you 
         just as much now as I wanted you then.
 Martin: Well, I guess this is gonna work out.  Thanks, Roz.
    Roz: Don't mention it.  The look on Niles's face is thanks enough.

She grabs her coffee, gets up and leaves.

  Niles: Now, Dad, you're sure it won't bother you to live so far 
         from the park and McGinty's?
 Martin: Oh, no, no, not at all.  There's a bus stop right in front 
         of your place.  Eddie and I don't mind takin' the bus.
  Niles: [realizing] Eddie?  Eddie.  You know, I just remembered, 
         Dad, my building doesn't allow dogs.
 Martin: Oh, well that's it, then.  'Cause I'm not leavin' Eddie.
  Niles: Oh, of all the horrendous luck.
 Martin: Oh, well, thanks anyway.  I guess I'll just look for a 
         little place.  Can't be too small, though, 'cause I gotta 
         have a bedroom for Daphne.

He starts thinking.  Niles is pouring cream in his coffee and freezes 
in thought himself.  We can see it takes careful concentration for him 
not to spill any.

  Niles: You know, Dad.  About that no dog rule: I could talk to 
         Clarice, the head of our co-op board.
 Martin: Oh, really?  You think they'd make an exception?
  Niles: Well, let's just say she's bent quite a few rules in her day, 
         and if she doesn't want her husband to find out, she'll bend 
         this one.
 Martin: Oh, that's great!
  Niles: Yes, well, then it's settled.  Daphne can move in straight 
         away. [Martin looks expectant.] YOU and Daphne.
 Martin: Great!

They both smile.  

FADE TO:

Scene Three - Frasier's Apartment
Frasier is getting some sherry.  Niles and Martin come in the front door.

Frasier: Oh, hello Niles.
  Niles: Frasier, where's Daphne?
Frasier: I think at the market.  Hello, Dad.
 Martin: Ah, Frasier, about this afternoon...
Frasier: Look, let's just drop it, all right?  All's well that end's 
         well, and this afternoon ended very well indeed.
 Martin: Oh, your underwear model called?
Frasier: Mm-hmm.  Just after you left, actually.  We spoke for about 
         an hour, and we're having dinner on Saturday night.
 Martin: [hanging up his coat] Well, that's great!  I hope everything 
         works out.
Frasier: Actually, Dad, on that score, uh, you could make yourself 
         scarce that night.
 Martin: Well, actually, I'm movin' in with Niles for a couple of 


         months.
Frasier: Well, have some confidence in me, Dad, it won't take me 
         that long.

They laugh.

 Martin: Nah, no, no, no.  I mean it.  Niles and I have been talking 
         about it.
  Niles: Yes.  And I think it's a fine idea.
Frasier: Well, you know, I know I've been out of sorts lately, Dad, 
         but I hope I haven't made you feel unwelcome...
 Martin: No, no.  It's nothin' like that.  Listen, I've been livin' 
         under your roof for five years now, you've earned a little 
         time to yourself.

He heads for the kitchen.

Frasier: Still, maybe you should sleep on it for tonight...
  Niles: Frasier, Frasier, please.  You've had a chance to get closer 
         to Dad these past few years and I wouldn't mind having that 
         same chance myself.  Frankly, I'm a bit jealous.
Frasier: Well, I am sorry, Niles.  I guess I haven't been seeing this 
         from your angle.

Daphne comes in the front with a bag of groceries.

 Daphne: Hello, all.
  Niles: Hello, Daphne.
Frasier: And quite a little angle it is, too.

Martin comes back from the kitchen.

 Martin: Oh, Daph, let me ask you somethin'.  How would you feel 
         about movin' in with Niles?
 Daphne: Are you serious?
  Niles: Yes.
 Daphne: Just me?
  Niles: Yes. [recovering] No, no.  And Dad.
 Martin: Just 'til Frasier goes back to work.  It's been a little 
         crowded around here.
 Daphne: Well, I won't argue with that.  You know, Dr. Crane has 
         quite a few stairs, are you sure you can manage them?
 Martin: [sitting] Oh, sure.  Nobody knows better than you how my 
         well my hip's gettin'. 
  Niles: [taking the bag from her] Well, what are we waiting for?  
         Let's get you packed.
 Daphne: Wait a minute. [Niles stops and turns.] I was hired as Mr. 
         Crane's physical therapist.  If he can make it up and down 
         that staircase of yours, he really doesn't need full time 
         care anymore.  This is hard for me to say, but maybe it's 
         time I moved on.

Niles drops the bag, Frasier picks it up.  All three men are stunned.

 Daphne: We all knew this day would come sooner or later.
 Martin: What about my exercises?
 Daphne: You'll do fine on your own.  Believe me, it's not like I 
         want to move on, I'm very fond of you all.  I'm not like a 
         psychiatrist, who works with someone for years and years and 
         it doesn't matter if they ever get better. [Martin nods in 
         understanding, Frasier and Niles share a look.] My work 
         here is done.  I have to go where I'm needed.


All the others start talking.  "We need you."  "Dad needs you."  
"You're needed."

 Daphne: It's not like I'm leaving right this minute.  I'll help you 
         get settled in while I look for a new job.
  Niles: But Daphne...
 Daphne: Oh, please, don't make a big fuss about this.  You'll just 
         make me cry.  This is no time for tears.

Niles sinks onto one of the dining chairs.

 Martin: Well, I guess you know what's best.  It's sure gonna be 
         lonely, though, just the two of us.
 Daphne: It won't just be the two of you, you'll have Eddie.

As she exits, Eddie jumps on Niles's lap.  He breaks down crying.  
Fade out.

FADE OUT

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene One - Niles's Apartment
FADE IN.  Martin is reading on the couch.  Niles comes in from the 
kitchen and notices that Eddie is on the dining table, walking around 
and around the centerpiece.

  Niles: Dad?
 Martin: [not looking] Eddie, whatever you're on, get off.

Eddie jumps off the table.  Niles returns to the kitchen.  

Reset to: the kitchen.  Daphne is on the phone.

 Daphne: I've been on hold with my employment agency forever. [into 
         phone] Yes, I'm here.  Nothing at all, not even part-time 
         therapy?  Well, I'll stay in touch.  Bye-bye.
  Niles: So, no job yet, eh?
 Daphne: No, unfortunately.  Still, tragedies happen every day.  
         I mustn't give up hope.
  Niles: I wish you'd consider staying here with us.  I don't know 
         how Dad's going to manage without you.
 Daphne: He doesn't need me anymore.
  Niles: Nonsense.  I know he puts on a brave front, the plain truth 
         is, the man is practically an invalid.

Martin hurries in chasing after Eddie.

 Martin: All right, come back here!
 Daphne: [laughing] What's he got now?
 Martin: Oh, my sneaker.  You give me that back or I'm not taking you 
         for your speed walk!

He chases Eddie back to the living room.  The doorbell rings.  

Reest to: the living room.  Martin opens the door for Frasier.

 Martin: Oh, hi Frasier.
Frasier: Hi, Dad.  Hi, Niles.  Forgive me, I know how annoying it 
         can be to drop by without calling first.
  Niles: Oh, don't worry, I used to do it all the time.


Frasier: That's how I know.  Hello, Eddie.  Got a little surprise 
         for you, something you left at the house.  There you are.

He gives Eddie a squeak toy.  Eddie grabs it and begins causing it 
to squeak loudly and rapidly.  Niles, trying to trim a plant, jerks 
violently.  The doorbell rings again and Frasier opens both sides of 
the double doors.

Frasier: Don't worry, Niles, you'll get used to it.  Oh, and Dad, 
         I've got a little surprise for you as well.  Just a minute.  
         All right, boys, bring it on in here.

Movers bring in Martin's chair, to Niles's horror.

 Martin: Oh, great, here it is!  Now the place is starting to look 
         like home.
Frasier: Yes, and finally so is mine! 
 Martin: Well, I'm just gonna go finish unpacking.

He starts upstairs.

  Niles: Well, you just follow him up with that.
 Martin: Oh, no, no, leave it right there.  That way I won't get my 
         pizza cheese all over your fancy chairs.

He goes upstairs.

  Niles: Doesn't the cheese go in your mouth?
Frasier: Well, that's certainly the goal, Niles, but you can't hit 
         that bulls eye every time.
  Niles: OK, this isn't working out, you have to take him back now.
Frasier: Niles, he's only been here for eight hours.
  Niles: I don't care.  I only signed on for this because Daphne came 
         in the bargain and now she's leaving and Frasier, you have to 
         help me, I'm desperate!
 Martin: [calling from upstairs] Niles, which wall should I hang my 
         swordfish on?
  Niles: [horrified] None of them!  I just had that room frescoed!

He rushes up the stairs.  Frasier goes into the kitchen.  

Reset to: Kitchen.  Daphne is again on the phone.

Frasier: Daph...
 Daphne: Thanks, Ronny, you're a life saver.  Bye-bye. [She hangs up.]
Frasier: Well, good news on the job front?
 Daphne: Yes, a friend of mine just got me an interview.  It's an 
         elderly woman suffering from brittle bone disease, poor 
         thing.
Frasier: Well, normally I'd say "Break a leg", but...
 Daphne: Oh, I'm gonna miss you.  All of you. [They hug.] But like 
         I told your brother, there's simply no reason for me to 
         stay as long as your father's so strong and healthy.

There is a loud crash from the living room and Martin howls in agony.

Frasier: Oh, dear God.

He and Daphne rush to the living room.  

Reset to: the living room.  Martin is lying at the bottom of the stairs.  
Frasier and Daphne rush to help him.


Frasier: Oh, my God!  Dad!
 Daphne: Oh, are you all right?
 Martin: Yeah.
Frasier: What happened?
  Niles: I don't know.

Daphne and Frasier help Martin up and he sits on the arm of his chair.

 Martin: We just got tangled up there.
  Niles: Dad, I am so sorry!
 Martin: Don't worry about it, it was an accident.
 Daphne: Well, you do seem to be in one piece.  Still, it was an 
         awfully big fall.  Dr. Crane, would you help me get some 
         ice?
  Niles: Good thinking, Daphne.  I know I could use a drink.

She gives him a look as they head into the kitchen.

 Martin: Boy, that was so weird.  Niles just kicked my cane right 
         out from under me.  

Frasier looks up at this.

 Martin: Yeah, I know he wants to keep Daphne around here, but I didn't 
         think he'd go that far. [laughs]
Frasier: Well, no, not deliberately, but maybe he was acting on an 
         unconscious level.
 Martin: What are you talking about?  I was just making a joke.
Frasier: Oh.  Well, then just-just skip it, Dad.
 Martin: No, no, wait a minute.  You think Niles was actually trying 
         to hurt me?
Frasier: No, no.  It's just that... well, sometimes, when the 
         motivation is strong enough, the unconscious can cause 
         a person to act in ways that the conscious would find 
         unthinkable.
 Martin: So you're saying that this wasn't an accident.
Frasier: ...Ah, it's a crazy theory.  I'm sorry I even brought it up.  
         You know what?  I, uh, I think I'll be off now.  Off to my 
         bachelor pad, I have a date with a lingerie model.  Ha, ha, 
         ha... "bachelor pad, lingerie model" - the sweetest words 
         in the English language.
 Martin: I'm sorry I won't be there.
Frasier: Wait.  We have a tie!

He leaves as Niles and Daphne return from the kitchen.

  Niles: Frasier. [He closes the door after him.]
 Daphne: All right, Mr. Crane, I need you to take a seat so I can ice 
         your hip.
 Martin: Oh, I'm fine.  Why is everyone making such a fuss?

She helps him sit in his chair.

 Daphne: Wait, don't sit down!
 Martin: [jumping up] What?!

She reaches down and picks up the clippers Niles had left on the seat.

 Daphne: You nearly impaled yourself.
  Niles: Oh, thank you Daphne.  I don't know what it is about these 
         things, they keep ending up in the oddest places.

He takes the clippers and heads for the kitchen.  She helps Martin 


sit again, putting the ice pack on his hip.  He has a VERY nervous 
look on his face.  

FADE TO:

HOME ALONE

Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment
Frasier comes in the front.  He looks around his apartment, sans Martin's 
chair, and smiles, clutching the bottle of wine he's holding to his chest.  
He walks to the dining table, running his hand along HIS chair (the Wassily) 
on the way, and sets the wine down.  He presses the button on his answering 
machine.

Rebecca: [v.o. from the machine] Hi, Frasier, it's Rebecca.  Your voice 
         sounds so sexy on your machine.  Anyway, I loved talking to 
         you this afternoon and I was thinking: instead of going to a 
         noisy restaurant, maybe we can just stay in tonight.  Open 
         some wine, curl up in front of a fire.  Just a warning though, 
         I'm coming straight from a shoot, so I'll be wearing my work 
         clothes. [She giggles.] I can't believe I just said that.

Throughout this, Frasier has been grinning and smiling at each new 
bit.  When it is done, he pours himself a sherry, then takes it and 
the answering machine to the small table by his chair.  He sits, 
picks up his sherry and hits the button again.

Rebecca: Hi, Frasier, it's Rebecca.  Your voice sounds so sexy on 
         your machine.  Anyway, I loved talking to you...

Frasier smiles and sips his sherry.  

FADE TO:

DIAL M FOR MARTIN

Scene Three - Niles's Apartment
Niles is in the spare bathroom, washing his hands.  Martin comes in.

 Martin: Boy, the floors around here are so slippery!
  Niles: Yes, I, I just had them polished.
 Martin: Well, I wish you would have told me, Eddie just slid into a 
         wall and chipped a tooth.
  Niles: Well, Dad, I can assure you there will be no slipping in 
         here. [Gesturing to the bath.] Look: a brand new safety 
         rail installed just for you.  And, as requested, traction 
         decals!
 Martin: [leaning over the tub] Oh, I don't need to worry about falling 
         in... [The rail collapses under the pressure of his hand.]
  Niles: Oh, Dad, are you OK?
 Martin: Wow, yeah.  It's a good thing I wasn't in the shower, I could 
         have cracked my head open.
  Niles: Guess I'm not much of a handyman, am I?
 Martin: [looking nervous] You put this thing up yourself?
  Niles: Yes, my contractor was out of town.  Don't worry, you can 
         use my bathroom to shower.  Just let me know when you do.  
         The plumbing's a bit temperamental and if I were to run the 
         dishwasher, you might be horribly scalded. 

He lets out a little laugh and exits.


 Martin: [following] You know?  I took an extra long shower 
         yesterday, you know?  That oughta hold me.

CUT TO: the living room.  Niles is coming down from the landing with 
Martin behind him.  Niles turns back.

  Niles: You sure you don't need a hand?
 Martin: Just keep movin'.

As they reach the bottom, Daphne comes in the front.

 Daphne: Guess what?  I got the job!  I can't believe it!  I start in 
         the morning.
  Niles: You what?

She starts up the stairs, Niles following.

 Daphne: I'll tell you all about it later.  I've got to call my 
         employment agency right away.

She hurries upstairs.  Niles turns back to Martin, a look of mixed 
nervousness, desperation and cunning on his face.

  Niles: I can't let her leave.  I just can't.
 Martin: [nervous] Well, there's nothin' we can do about it.
  Niles: [coming down the stairs, his look becoming more cunning] 
         I still have a day.  I just have to be more resourceful.
 Martin: [fear on his face] Like how? [stumbles back against a pillar]
  Niles: It's my problem, not yours.  I just have to think.  Fresh 
         air, maybe that'll calm me down.

When he reaches the landing, he looks out the window.

  Niles: Oh, look at the sunset!  Dad, come join me on the balcony.

He exits off the landing.  Martin races for the front door.

 Martin: Eddie!  Get outta here!  Quick!  Come on, come on, come on!

He and Eddie rush out.  

FADE TO:

Scene Four - Frasier's Apartment.
Fade in.  Frasier has set the apartment up for his date and is just 
pouring the wine.  The doorbell rings and he goes to it, using a remote 
to start romantic music on the stereo.  He makes some suave moves as he 
gets into "date mode."  Opening the door, he finds Martin.

Frasier: Dad!  Good lord, what are you doing here? [He uses the remote 
         to shut off the stereo.] 
 Martin: We gotta talk.
Frasier: Now?  It's not a good time.
 Martin: But it's getting spooky over at Niles's.
Frasier: Well, yes, yes, I know it's a little unsettling the way he 
         changes into that Chinese dressing gown after dinner, but 
         you'll get used to it.
 Martin: No, no, no.  I think his unconscious is trying to hurt me.
Frasier: Oh, Dad, that's preposterous.
 Martin: No it isn't.
Frasier: Can't we talk about this in the morning?  Believe me, there 
         is no way your own flesh and blood would try to hurt you.


He closes the door, hitting Martin in the face.  He opens it back up 
to check on him.

Frasier: Oh, I'm sorry.
 Martin: Well at least let me get Eddie's pillow out of my room, 
         will you?
Frasier: All right, all right, just hurry it up, will ya?

Martin goes back to his room as Frasier closes the door.  The doorbell 
rings and Frasier again starts the music and gets into "date mode."  
He opens the door to reveal Daphne.

Frasier: Daphne! [He shuts the music off.] What is going on?
 Daphne: I hope I'm not catching you at a bad time.
Frasier: Well, actually, I'm waiting for a date!
 Daphne: I'll just run in and out, I need to pick up my... [she starts 
         crying]...exercise mat.
Frasier: Oh, good lord.  Is everything all right?
 Daphne: I'm sorry.  I think I'm just a bit nervous about my new job.
Frasier: Yes.
 Daphne: I'll be all right.
Frasier: Yes.
 Daphne: I just wish, I just wish I didn't miss being here so much.  
         [She starts crying again.]
Frasier: Oh, Daphne, oh, I'm sorry.  Listen, you're going to be just 
         fine.  You know, transitions are always difficult. [The 
         doorbell rings and he shoves her towards her room.] The 
         trick is just not to rush them.

Again he starts the music and goes into his routine.  Opening the 
door, he finds Niles.

Frasier: Niles! [He shuts the music off.] What the hell are you 
         doing here?!
  Niles: I'm going out of my mind.  I am this close to living under 
         the same roof as Daphne.  If I could just...
Frasier: All right, Niles, before you go on, let me just say one thing.
  Niles: What is it?
Frasier: Get out!

He starts to shove Niles out.

  Niles: Wait, wait!  I need to talk about this.
Frasier: Get out!  Niles!
 Martin: [coming from his room] Is that Niles?
  Niles: Dad!  Dad, why did you run off?  I've been looking for you 
         everywhere.
 Martin: No, Niles, just stay away from me.
  Niles: What?
 Martin: Now, Niles, I'm not mad at you, just your unconscious.  It 
         wants Daphne to stay around so bad that it's been tryin' to 
         hurt me.
  Niles: What?
 Martin: Well, Frasier can explain it better.
  Niles: Exactly who is hurting whom and what does any of this have 
         to do with... [seeing her as she comes in] Daphne.
 Daphne: Oh, look.  We're all together again, just like... [crying 
         again] old times.
  Niles: [rushing to hold her] Oh, dear.
Frasier: Oh, God.  Well, we certainly do have a lot to talk about.  
         I tell you what: let's all meet at Niles's for breakfast 
         tomorrow.


He pushes Niles and Daphne towards the door.

 Martin: I'm not gettin' in the elevator with him.
Frasier: All right Dad, Daphne, go in shifts then.  You first.
 Daphne: All right.

Daphne and Martin go out.

Frasier: So long.  Eddie, you too, shake a leg mister.  Let's go, 
         outta here, move it, move it, move it. [Eddie scurries out 
         and Frasier closes the door behind him.]
  Niles: You actually convinced Dad I was trying to harm him?
Frasier: Oh, Niles, I did no such thing.  I simply advanced a theory, 
         I had no idea he would take it to heart.
  Niles: Oh, balderdash!
Frasier: Please, Niles, surely it's occurred to you that your desire 
         for Daphne's forcing you to behave in very strange ways.  
         Or do you shove Dad down the stairs every day?
  Niles: That was an accident!
Frasier: Oh, Niles, any psychiatrist worth his salt knows that there 
         are no accidents.  No one would do something like that, 
         however unconsciously, unless they stood to gain from it.

There is a thump from outside and Martin is heard bellowing in pain.

Frasier: Oh, dear!

He and Niles hurry out.  

Reset to: the hallway following them.
Martin is on his back on the floor, Daphne hovering over him.

Frasier: Oh, my God!
  Niles: Oh, thank God! [realizing] ...we're here to help!
 Martin: What did you kick my cane for?
 Daphne: It was an accident!  I was playing with Eddie!
 Martin: My hip's killing me!
Frasier: Dad, don't worry about it.  Niles has that nice comfy bed 
         you can recuperate in.
 Martin: I can't go up and down those stairs now!
  Niles: I think the best thing would be for him to stay with you
         again for the time being.
 Daphne: He'll need full time attention, I'll cancel my job right away.
Frasier: All right, just hold it!  Nobody's canceling anything!  
         For God's sake, the man just fell down a flight of stairs 
         today, he could hardly have been hurt worse stumbling in a 
         carpeted hallway!  

The elevator opens with Rebecca inside.  Frasier reaches down and 
tries to pull Martin to his feet.

Frasier: Get up, ya big crybaby!  No pain, no gain.
 Martin: Oh, no, but it hurts!
Frasier: Oh, Dad, boo-hoo!  I want you out of here!  I don't care if 
         you have to crawl like a bog turtle!

He finally notices Rebecca.

Frasier: Oh, Rebecca. [He grabs the remote and turns on the stereo.] 
         I didn't see you standing there.  Why don't you just step on 
         over my father, help yourself to some wine?
Rebecca: What kind of a heartless bastard are you?! [pushes the button]
Frasier: Oh, no, Rebecca, you don't understand.  It's not the way it 


         looks.  He's very resilient!  He's been shot before!

But she's gone.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane, we really should get him inside.
Frasier: [a crushed look on his face] Yes.  Just give me... a moment.

He goes into his apartment, wandering around, absorbing the last moments 
of his "bachelor pad."  He gets a glass of wine, sits in his chair and 
takes a sip, a look of total sorrow on his face.

Frasier: All right, bring him in.

Niles and Daphne bring Martin in.  

FADE OUT

END OF ACT TWO

Credits:

Martin is at the door, directing the movers bringing his chair back in.  
We pan across to see Daphne, lounging on the couch and talking on the 
telephone.  The pan continues to find Eddie on the dining table, walking 
around and around the centerpiece.  We end up on Frasier, leaning in the 
kitchen doorway, depressed and drinking wine straight from the bottle.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 LAURA HARRING as Rebecca

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley & David Langley.
 This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


