
[7.6]Rivals

Rivals                                   Written by Christopher Lloyd
                                         Directed by Katy Garretson
=====================================================================
Production Code: 7.6
Episode Number In Production Order: 149
Original Airdate on NBC: 4th November 1999
Episode filmed on 21st September 1999 
Synopsis written on 4th November 1999
Transcript written on 12th February 2000
Transcript revised on 23rd April 2001.

Transcript {nick hartley}

Act One.

Scene One - Café Nervosa.
Frasier hurriedly enters the café with a pursuing Poppy hot on his 
heels.

  Poppy: Hey, Frasier!
Frasier: Hello, Poppy.
  Poppy: You should have your hearing checked.  I've been yelling 
         "wait up!" for the last four blocks.
Frasier: [excusing] Well, I must be getting old.
  Poppy: Like an old man can walk that fast!  You were practically 
         running the last block.  Did I ever tell you about my uncle 
         who ran everywhere?  He ran to the store...
Frasier: [puts his hand up] That's a very interesting story.  Yes, 
         I'll see you at the station, okay? [notices Roz at a front 
         table] Roz!

Frasier crosses to Roz and sits with her as Poppy goes to the counter.

Frasier: Thank God you were here.
    Roz: I know exactly how you feel.  Last week I ducked into a 
         bathroom stall to get away from her and there were three 
         other women already in there.  Listen, I have a favor to 
         ask.  This friend of mine is running this charity dinner 
         dance Friday night...
Frasier: Oh, Roz, say no more.  What do they need?  An autographed 
         picture for their silent auction?
    Roz: That would be a silent auction!
Frasier: Very funny.
    Roz: No, what I was hoping you'd do is buy a couple of tickets. 
         They're only a hundred bucks each.
Frasier: I don't know Roz, I'd have to take a date.  Seattle does have 
         certain expectations about the sort of person I'm to be seen 
         with.
    Roz: Oh, that's easy! [points out Niles who has just entered the 
         café] Here he is!  Let's see if he's free.
Frasier: [playing along] I'll let you know!

Roz gets up, greets Niles, and exits.  Niles greets Frasier and sits 


with him.

  Niles: Mind if I join you?
Frasier: Well, actually I'm not staying, I'm avoiding someone.
  Niles: Oh, who?
Frasier: [points Poppy out] The new so-called arts critic at the 
         station, Poppy!
  Niles: [knowingly] A-ha.
Frasier: The woman drives me mad, she gasses on endlessly about the 
         most mundane matters.  Absolutely infuriating - [noticing 
         Niles's grin] - as is that smirk of yours. 
  Niles: Well, I'm sorry if I've noticed that not a day goes by that 
         you don't badmouth this woman. 
Frasier: Well, with good reason.  The woman is a windsock.
  Niles: I'm wondering if someone isn't protesting a bit too much. 
         She's very attractive, obviously well-bred.  Perhaps all 
         this "Pigtails and Inkwells" hostility is actually a veiled
         attraction.
Frasier: [sarcastic] Oh, bravo Dr. Crane!  Yes, I think you're really 
         on to something there.

Frasier stands as Poppy comes over to him.

  Poppy: Oh, where's Roz gone?
Frasier: Oh, she dashed off to the office.  We're going to continue our 
         meeting there.  You know, Poppy, I was just telling my brother 
         what an enchanting storyteller you are.  Why don't you take my 
         seat, and he can find out for himself? [he seats her] Ta-ta.

Frasier exits as Niles makes conversation.

  Niles: Well, nice to finally meet you, Poppy.  There must be quite a 
         story behind that name.

Poppy stares at him sweetly, mesmerized.

  Poppy: Yes.
  Niles: So... You're the new arts critic at the station, that must be 
         interesting.
  Poppy: Oh, yes.
  Niles: Okay, well if you don't feel like talking, I should be really 
         running along anyway. [starts to get up]
  Poppy: No, don't go.  I am just amazed at how different you are from 
         your brother.  He's sort of intimidating, I get so flustered 
         around him, I just start babbling.  But you, you're different. 
         You're very warm.
  Niles: Thank you.  So are you.
  Poppy: Polite, not to mention stylish and charming, [getting carried 
         away] and incredibly handsome.  Oh my God!  Am I babbling 
         again?
  Niles: [pleased] If you were, I'd be too polite and charming to tell 
         you. [laughs]

FADE OUT

Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment.
Frasier enters his apartment that afternoon to find a half-naked lady 
on the phone.  All she is wearing is a bath towel.

  Regan: [on phone] Well, what the hell are you doing? 

Frasier looks at the scene and exits the room again.  In the hallway,
he checks the door number and sees it is his own.  He ponders and 


wonders if he's gone mad before entering again to find the same scene.

  Regan: [on phone] I've been waiting for twenty minutes. [hangs up 
         and then to Frasier] I am so sorry.  You're probably 
         wondering who I am.
Frasier: I'm mildly curious.
  Regan: I got into the shower - my shower.  I just moved in next door.  
         I probably should have started with that, huh? [shakes his 
         hand] I'm Regan Shaw, by the way.  Anyway, the doorbell rang, 
         and I figured it was the phone guy because I've been waiting 
         all day long.  I ran to catch him, and stepped out into the 
         hallway and locked myself out.  Luckily your father came 
         along.

Martin enters with a bathrobe and hands it to Regan.

 Martin: Hey, Fras.
Frasier: Yes, that was lucky.
 Martin: All right, well this should keep you nice and warm and I'll 
         just run in the kitchen and get you your herbal tea. 
Frasier: If you'll excuse me, I'll just show my father where it's kept.

Martin and Frasier enter the kitchen where Martin sets about pouring 
the herbal tea. 

 Martin: Pretty sweet, eh?  I found her right out in the hall.
Frasier: Yes, well, I'm sorry Dad, but you can't keep her.
 Martin: No, I've brought her here for you.  I've been talking you up 
         the whole time.
Frasier: Really?
 Martin: Yeah.  Listen, I've served this one to you on a platter.  In 
         fact, if it wasn't for the jasmine on your robe, I'd say this 
         one was a slam-dunk.
Frasier: I'm just...
 Martin: It's a basketball phrase.
Frasier: Yes, I know that, Dad.  I want to chat up a half naked woman 
         without looking uncouth. 
 Martin: Well, just be friendly, you know.  She's a veterinarian, 
         she's single, she's very athletic, as you can tell from that 
         body.  And Lord... [thinks about body]
Frasier: Dad!
 Martin: Just because you're serving the cake doesn't mean you can't 
         have a few crumbs that drop off.

Frasier and Martin enter the living room.  Martin hands over the 
herbel tea to Regan.

 Martin: Hi.  Well, here we go.  There you are.  Now, I've got a call 
         to make so Frasier'll keep you entertained.
  Regan: Thanks for the tea.
 Martin: Don't mention it. [exits]
Frasier: So, you're next door?  Oh, that's right.  Judge Gilroy moved 
         in with his daughter.
  Regan: I bet he never wandered into your apartment wearing a towel.
Frasier: No, but I did hear he wandered into work one day wearing a 
         towel, though.  I guess that's why he had to move in with his 
         daughter. [laughs]

Martin then enters with some car keys.

 Martin: Looks like I walked off with your car keys.  I should have 
         known from the big [stresses and jingles the keys] BMW on 
         it!


Frasier: Thank you, Dad.

Martin exits to the kitchen.

Frasier: So, Regan, that's an unusual name.  Is it by any chance 
         from...
  Regan: From "King Lear," yeah.  One of the ungrateful daughters.  
         I don't know what my dad was thinking. Never do. I'm sorry, 
         I have some issues with my father.

Martin enters with a kitchen spoon.

 Martin: [obviously prying] Excuse me again. 
Frasier: I have no idea what that would be like!  What?!
 Martin: [stands around] Well, I better be on my way, huh?  Just let 
         you two talk.  He's a wonderful listener.  In fact, that's his 
         motto on his very popular radio show, "I Listen." 
Frasier: Yes, Dad, don't forget my sign off: "Goodbye!"

Martin laughs, hits him on the head with the spoon and exits to his 
room.

  Regan: I actually listen to your show.
Frasier: Really?  Well, I'm flattered, thank you.
  Regan: I think if I hadn't gone into veterinary medicine it would 
         have been psychology.  Think I was just always drawn to 
         animals.

Frasier looks over at Eddie who is seated on Martin's chair.

Frasier: Yes, it is hard not to love them. 

Frasier begins stroking Eddie rather harshly before eventually picking 
him up and putting him on his knee.  Frasier smiles at Regan as if he's 
loving it.

FADE TO:

SPY VS. SPY

Scene Three - Frasier's Apartment.
Frasier is sat on the couch with his head in his hands as Martin 
stands by his chair.

 Martin: I just feel so responsible.  Maybe there was something more 
         I could have said, something more I could have done.  I keep 
         playing it over and over in my head.
Frasier: I'll ask her out today, Dad.

Meanwhile, Daphne and Niles are coming up to the apartment in the 
elevator.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane, do you believe women have an intuition about men?
  Niles: Intuition?
 Daphne: Like they might know when a man has a little crush.

Niles begins to get anxious.

 Daphne: You know, by the way he fidgets or gets a look in his eye 
         or...

Niles cannot stop fidgeting and eventually tries leaning on the 


elevator side.  He inadvertently presses the fire alarm.  He quickly 
turns it off.

 Daphne: I only ask because I'm getting that feeling from your 
         brother.
  Niles: [relieved] Really, huh?
 Daphne: He's all moony-eyed today, someone he's quite keen on. 
  Niles: Actually I know who it is.  I called him on it yesterday in 
         the coffee shop, he won't admit to it.  The problem is...
 Daphne: Yeah?
  Niles: I've developed a crush myself and it happens to be...

The elevator comes to a halt.  The doors open to reveal Frasier 
standing with Eddie in his arms.

  Niles: Frasier?  Whatcha doing?
Frasier: Come in.

Niles, Daphne and Frasier enter the apartment. 

Frasier: So, Niles.  How are you?
  Niles: [hangs his coat up] Well.  The question is, how are you? 
         I hear you're been running around like a love sick schoolboy.
Frasier: Who told you that?
  Niles: Well, let's just say that the birds around here are chirping.  
         Anyway... are you prepared to admit that my little theory 
         yesterday was correct?
Frasier: Are you talking about Poppy?
  Niles: Yes, the woman you so adamantly denied having any attraction 
         to.
Frasier: I still do, she's loathsome.
  Niles: Does it gall you so much to admit I'm right?
Frasier: But you're not right.
  Niles: So, well then, who is this person you're so interested in?
Frasier: You don't know her.
  Niles: Tell me about her.
Frasier: It's premature. 
  Niles: Oh, brother!
Frasier: All right, fine, if you must know.  The woman happens to 
         be...

There is a knock at the door.

  Regan: [o.s] Hello.
Frasier: [whispers] Her, my next door neighbor.
  Niles: [not believing] Oh, what good timing she has!

Frasier opens the door to Regan and she enters.

Frasier: Hi, come in.
  Regan: I just wanted to return this tea cup. [hands it over]
Frasier: Oh, well, you're welcome any time.  Er, Regan Shaw, this is 
         my brother, Dr. Niles Crane.

Niles and Regan exchange nervous greetings.  They obviously recognize 
each other.

Frasier: Do you two know each other?
Regan/Niles: Yes./No.
Frasier: Well, I'll just get us all some coffee and you two can 
         decide if you know each other or not.

Frasier exits to the kitchen.


  Regan: I'm so sorry, Dr. Crane.  I just was a little startled seeing 
         you outside your office.
  Niles: Please, don't even think about it, have a seat. [they sit] 
         Well, so I gather this is your new building.
  Regan: Yes.  Right next door to your brother who I just met.  Is that 
         so strange?
  Niles: Yes, well, remember, I have a policy of total confidentiality. 
         [Daphne enters] He never needs to know that you've started 
         seeing me.

Niles notices Daphne who is lingering around.  Daphne excuses herself. 

 Daphne: Oh, here it is.

Daphne picks up an ashtray and takes it back into the kitchen where 
Frasier is pacing around.

Frasier: What did you find out?
 Daphne: It sounded like they've had a date or two.  He mentioned 
         having seen her.
Frasier: Damn him!
 Daphne: Come to think of it, he said something in the elevator about 
         having a crush on someone.
Frasier: Well, I just have to confront him and see if he's man enough 
         to admit he's horned in on my territory.
 Daphne: Well, excuse me, Dr. Crane, but didn't your brother meet her 
         first?
Frasier: Oh, honestly, Daphne, just try to keep up.  It's not that 
         complicated!

Frasier enters with coffee.

Frasier: Well, here we are.
  Regan: Actually, I can't stay.  I've got the heating man coming.
Frasier: Oh!
  Regan: Can I take a rain check?
Frasier: Well, certainly.  Would you like to go out for coffee some 
         time?
  Regan: Yeah, I'd like that.  Bye.
Frasier: Great.  Bye.
  Niles: [calls] Bye.

Frasier opens the door for her.  When she exits he slams the door and 
looks around at Niles.

Frasier: So, I do take it you two know each other.
  Niles: Well, we met briefly at some event. [pours a coffee]
Frasier: I see.  Changing the subject completely, Daphne just mentioned 
         that you happen to have a little crush on someone yourself.
  Niles: [sighs] Yes, I have.
Frasier: Care to elaborate?
  Niles: Yes, I will.  Unlike you, I don't mind being candid.  The 
         woman is Poppy.
Frasier: [not believing] Poppy?!
  Niles: We had coffee yesterday after you left.  You're not upset?
Frasier: No, not at all.  Thank you for your candor, Niles.  I'm sure 
         you and Poppy will be very happy together. [smirks and laughs]
  Niles: Are you laughing at me? [rises to his feet] You think so 
         little of my chances?
Frasier: No, no, Niles. [a bad tone] I wish you and Poppy the very 
         best!
  Niles: I don't need this smug attitude of yours. [gets his coat] I 


         fully intended to discuss this amiably.  You refuse, so I'll 
         just say goodbye.
Frasier: Very well, thanks for dropping by, off you go.

Niles exits as Daphne enters from the kitchen.

Frasier: What kind of a fool does he take me for?  He is obviously 
         pursuing Regan, the man has the nerve to say he's chasing 
         Poppy.
 Daphne: [shocked] Poppy? 
Frasier: Yes, as if anyone could pursue that insufferable air hoi! 
         Well, if it's deceit and chicanery he's after, I'll give him 
         more than he can handle.
 Daphne: Dr. Crane, before it gets to that level, wouldn't it 
         make sense for you two just to have one open and honest 
         conversation?
Frasier: Honestly, Daphne, how you manage to overreact in absolutely 
         everything!

End of Act One.

Act Two.

Scene One - Café Nervosa.
Frasier is seated at a table as Roz crosses to him and pulls up a 
chair.

    Roz: These shoes are killing me, I can't wait to sit down.
Frasier: [pulls chair back] Well, you're not going to sit there.
    Roz: Why not? [pulls chair back]
Frasier: [pulls chair back] I'm expecting someone for coffee.
    Roz: Well, Niles is small, we can share.
Frasier: It is not Niles, will you stop saying that?  I'm meeting a 
         woman.
    Roz: [sits] Well, I'll move when she gets here.  By the way, 
         I still have four tickets left for that charity ball 
         Friday night.
Frasier: I'm sorry, Roz, thanks anyway.
    Roz: Come on, it's for a good cause.  They provide disaster relief.

Poppy enters and shouts over.

  Poppy: Hi, partners! [crosses to them] Frasier, I was leaving the 
         booth and I found this umbrella. [hands it over] I think it 
         belongs to you.
Frasier: Yes, it's my emergency umbrella.  I always leave it in the 
         booth.
  Poppy: Don't feel bad, I'm forgetful too!

Niles enters from the toilets at the back and notices Poppy as she 
cradles Frasier's head in sympathy.  Poppy exits.

Frasier: I think I'll just go and see what's keeping my latte.  Would 
         you watch my table please, Roz?

As Frasier goes to see the waitress he passes Niles on the other side 
of the room.  They stare at each other like two cowboys from a western 
movie.  Niles arrives at Roz's table.

  Niles: Hello, Roz.  I noticed that Poppy was here.  Did she mention 
         where she was headed? 
    Roz: No.  Listen, Niles, can I interest you in a couple of tickets 
         for a charity ball this Friday?  It's a great event.


  Niles: Is Frasier going?
    Roz: No, but do you have to go everything together?
  Niles: I'll take two. [does so] I'm in a hurry, I'll send you a 
         check.

Niles exits leaving Roz confused as Frasier crosses to her.

Frasier: Where was Niles in such a rush off to?
    Roz: I have no idea. [waves tickets] Last chance, I only have two 
         tickets left.
Frasier: I thought there were four?
    Roz: Niles just bought a pair.
Frasier: Damn him!  He's probably off to intercept Regan right now.
    Roz: Who?
Frasier: I'm sorry, Roz, I'm in a hurry.  I'll write you a check for 
         these.  Enjoy the table! 

Frasier takes the tickets and runs out, leaving Roz cashless.

FADE TO:

Scene Two - The Charity Ball.
In a set nearly identical to the one used in "Moon Dance" with the 
exact same music, everybody is milling about and dancing to light 
music.  Poppy enters on the arm of Niles. 

  Poppy: This is the best kind of party.  You get to dress up, have a 
         wonderful time, and it's all for a good cause. 
  Niles: You know it really is for an impressive organization.  I've 
         heard that within twenty-four hours of any worldwide disaster 
         they can put together a ball. [Poppy laughs]

Regan enters on the arm of Frasier.

  Poppy: Oh, look it's your brother.
  Niles: What?  Oh, so it is.  Why don't you find our table and I'll 
         get us some champagne.
  Poppy: Yes.

Niles crosses to the bar where Roz is standing.

  Niles: Roz, you didn't tell me Frasier was going to be here.
    Roz: Yeah, he bought the last two tickets.
  Niles: After he knew I'd be here with Poppy.  Obviously he wants to 
         get a shot at her himself, he bought that pull-a-long as his 
         beard.
    Roz: [shocked] Frasier's interested in Poppy?
  Niles: I shouldn't be surprised the subtle signs of attraction are 
         lost on you.  A woman for whom the gunning of a Harley engine 
         is like a come-hither look.

Niles crosses back to Poppy as Frasier comes over to Roz.

Frasier: Hello, Roz.
    Roz: Hi.
Frasier: I see that Niles has brought himself a "date" to the 
         evening.
    Roz: Yep, and you'll never guess what he thinks.
Frasier: Oh, I know exactly what he thinks.  He's using Poppy as his 
         patty, steal a few minutes with Regan, try and win her for 
         himself.
    Roz: That's not what he thinks.
Frasier: Roz!


    Roz: He likes Poppy.
Frasier: Dear simple, Roz.  After six years of listening at my feet. 
         Have you learnt nothing of the dark forces that move people? 
         Open your ears!

Frasier crosses back to Regan. 

DISSOLVE TO:

Scene Three - The Charity Ball.
Time has lapsed.  Frasier is dancing with Regan as Niles is dancing 
with Poppy.  However Frasier and Niles are just staring at each other.

  Regan: You're looking at your brother again.
Frasier: Yes, I'm sorry.  It's just that he keeps staring over here. 
         For God's sakes, he hasn't paid any attention whatsoever. 
         Can you imagine how that woman must feel?
  Regan: [knowingly] Yeah, women hate that.

Meanwhile, Niles and Poppy are having the same tribulations.

  Niles: He's doing it again.
  Poppy: What?
  Niles: My brother is staring at us.  Obviously thinking what a 
         striking couple we make.  In fact, let's give him something 
         to stare at. 

Niles and Poppy do a little move where Niles pushes Poppy away from 
him on his arm and brings her back in.  However, she falls on Niles's 
toe and hurts him.

  Poppy: I'm sorry.  Same toe as before.
  Niles: Yes, same toe as before. [laughs]

Meanwhile, at the other side of the dance floor:

  Regan: What is going on with you two tonight?
Frasier: All right, you'd find out sooner or later anyway.  See, I 
         know about you and Niles.
  Regan: You do?
Frasier: Yes.  But it's all right, I don't mind.  It's just that, well, 
         he's really quite smitten with you.
  Regan: Oh my God, really?

The music stops.  Everyone claps as the couples head to the tables.

  Poppy: Do you think you're going to lose the nail?
  Niles: No, no, I just need to sit down.

Niles sits in agony as the tango music starts up.  Where have we heard 
that before?! 

  Poppy: Oh my God, I love the tango.  You won't mind if I dance one 
         with your brother?
  Niles: What?
Frasier: Well, actually Poppy...
  Poppy: Oh come on, Niles can keep Regan company.

Poppy stands and shoves her chair in, crippling Niles's toe again. 
Frasier and Poppy begin to tango.

  Niles: You know, Regan, I'm getting a second wind.  Shall we show 
         them how it's done?


  Regan: Well, actually, Dr. Crane-
  Niles: Oh, don't be so formal.  We're not doctor and patient tonight!

Regan stands and Niles, trying to walk, clumsily tangoes with Regan.

  Poppy: Your brother's quite romantic, inviting me to a ball on our 
         very first date.  He certainly doesn't waste time, does he?
Frasier: No, he doesn't!

  Regan: You do realize that I'm interested in your brother.
  Niles: You mean, you're developing real feelings for him?
  Regan: Yeah.
  Niles: Well, you might think so now, but trust me: You're future's 
         not with him.  I know this is confusing. [twirls her round in 
         a dizzy daze] You'll see everything more clearly when I've got 
         you on the couch.
  Regan: [disgusted] Oh!

Meanwhile, Poppy and Frasier do a little move as Frasier, 
unwillingly, traces down her body.

  Niles: Well, I can't take anymore of this. 

Niles crosses to Poppy.

  Niles: I have to cut in.
  Poppy: How romantic!
  Niles: [to Frasier] Yes, come with me.

They go to the tables.

  Niles: You should be ashamed of yourself.
Frasier: Your tango wasn't so impressive, either.
  Niles: I'm talking about your behaviour tonight.
Frasier: I won't simply stand aside and let you have the woman you 
         want.
  Niles: Exactly, obviously one of us has to back off, not just 
         tonight but permanently.

The girls come to them.

  Regan: Frasier, can I talk to you for a moment alone?
Frasier: Well, of course, just give me one more moment with my 
         brother.
  Poppy: Niles, when you're finished I'd love one more dance.
  Niles: Ah, I'll be right there.

The girls go over.

  Niles: Well, I believe she has made her choice.
Frasier: Yes, I believe she has.

They both look as if they have won.  Niles goes to Poppy and Frasier 
to Regan as the song "On The Street Where She Lives" from Bernard 
Shaw's "My Fair Lady" is played by the orchestra.

  Regan: Frasier, I think I'd like to leave if that's all right.
Frasier: Leave?  Already?  Well, couldn't we just have one last 
         dance?
  Regan: Well, I guess.  I'm just feeling a little uncomfortable.
Frasier: Yes, well, I certainly don't blame you.  You see, now I've 
         spoken with him, Niles has agreed to behave himself.  Now I 
         can put all my attention on you.


  Regan: That is a relief.  I mean, you can understand why I was kinda 
         freaked out by all that. 

Frasier however is watching Niles.

  Regan: Right?  Frasier? 
Frasier: He's a brave little soldier, isn't he?  Awash in despair and 
         yet he dances.

Meanwhile, Niles and Poppy are dancing.

  Poppy: This is when they wrote songs that were really about 
         something.  True love, broken hearts.
  Niles: [referring to Frasier but arguably in his heart referring to 
         the last time he was in the ball room and Daphne broke his 
         heart] Yes, there's nothing quite so poignant as someone with 
         a broken heart, pretending that it isn't.

Frasier: No wonder, he keeps staring over at us.  He's suffered such a 
         crushing defeat tonight.
  Regan: Can we go?
Frasier: Yes, of course, that's the best thing to do.  You know, let 
         me just have one last word with him.
  Regan: Oh my God!

Frasier crosses to Niles and Poppy.

Frasier: Niles, if you don't mind.
  Poppy: You guys are going to wear me out.
Frasier: Can I see you at the bar, please?

Frasier and Niles go to the bar as Regan goes to Poppy.

  Regan: I think I'm going to catch a cab.
  Poppy: Aren't you having a good time?
  Regan: Frankly, no.  Are you?
  Poppy: Oh, yes, I think Niles has got quite a little crush on me.
  Regan: Actually, Poppy, there's something you should know about 
         Niles.

Meanwhile, Frasier and Niles are at the bar.

Frasier: Niles, I just wanted to let you know that I'm not happy with 
         the way things have ended this evening.
  Niles: Well, neither am I.  How could I be?  And the worst thing is: 
         it's not just tonight.  What happens when we keep running 
         into each other?
Frasier: Yes, the victor will have his trophy.  The loser will be 
         empty-handed. 
  Niles: It hardly seems worth it, given the permanent damage this 
         could do to our relationship.
Frasier: Yes, I can't help but wonder if perhaps we're being a bit 
         short-sighted.

Frasier however doesn't need glasses to see Poppy and Regan leaving.

Frasier: Niles, is that Regan and Poppy leaving just now? 
  Niles: It was, wasn't it?
Frasier: I want you to go after her.
  Niles: What? 
Frasier: Yes, I won't stand in your way.
  Niles: No, Frasier, I would feel better if you went after her.
Frasier: No, I couldn't do that to you. 


  Niles: I think we're both feeling the same thing.
Frasier: I know we are.  You noble bastard.
  Niles: Right back atcha.  Oh, it's for the best.
Frasier: After all, the most important thing is our friendship.
  Niles: I think that's worth drinking to. [to waiter] Two bourbons.
Frasier: You know, while we're at it, let's propose a toast to the 
         one pretty remarkable woman.
  Niles: Well, she'd have to be to have won both of our hearts.
Frasier: Hear, hear.
  Niles: Well, then...

They raise their glasses...

Frasier/Niles: To Regan!/To Poppy!

Niles’s glass freezes on its way to his lips.  Frasier, less lucky,
gets half a sip in his mouth, and it stays there, as comprehension
sinks in.

Frasier: [swallows] I think we're going to need two more here.

They throw back the rest of their bourbons, then slam their glasses 
down and bury their faces.

End of Act Two.

Credits:

Roz is dancing with a handsome waiter when another waiter cuts in.
Roz is flattered until the second waiter hands the first a serving
tray and orders him back to work, then leaves the floor himself.  
Roz goes back to her table to sip champagne sadly.

Guest Appearances

 Special Guest Star
 KATIE FINNERAN as Poppy
 
 Guest Starring
 GIGI RICE as Regan 

Synopsis {kathy churay}

RIVALS

ACT ONE

SCENE ONE - CAFE NERVOSA - DAY

Frasier enters in something of a hurry.  His haste is explained when
Poppy appears right on his heels, chattering away as usual.  He puts


her off politely and escapes to Roz's table in the front of the cafe,
where Roz attempts to sell him tickets to a charity dance.  Frasier
is reluctant, and Roz leaves just as Niles appears and takes her vacant
chair.  Frasier begins to vent to Niles about the most annoying
woman who's pursuing him, but all Niles can do is smirk.  He
observes Poppy from across the room and remarks on her attractiveness,
theorizing that perhaps Frasier is secretly attracted to this woman but
can't admit it.  Frasier is appalled at the thought, and when Poppy
comes over to the table he makes his gleeful excuses and leaves, parking
Poppy in his vacant seat opposite Niles.

Niles attempts to make conversation but for once Poppy is
tongue-tied.  He finally gives up and rises to leave, but she stops
him.  She explains that she is just stunned by the difference
between Frasier and Niles.  Frasier is, after all, so intimidating
that Poppy usually finds herself babbling nervously around him, but Niles
is very warm.  And intelligent.  And stylish.  And
charming.  And, she confesses shyly, incredibly
handsome.   She blushes at her own boldness and apologizes
prettily for babbling.  Niles is stunned and utterly charmed.

SCENE TWO - FRASIER'S APARTMENT - DAY

Frasier arrives home to find an attractive woman, wearing a large bath
towel and nothing else, using his telephone.  She introduces herself
as Regan, his next door neighbor, who accidently locked herself out of
her apartment.  Martin appears from the direction of the bedroom
with a warm bathrobe for Regan and a meaningful smirk for Frasier. 
He goes to the kitchen to get Regan a promised cup of tea, and Frasier
follows.  He begins to tease his father but Martin assures him that
he invited Regan in so that she could meet Frasier.  She's a
veterinarian, single, athletic and obviously in great condition. 
Frasier feels a bit awkward but Martin reassures him that he should just
make conversation, and they return to the living room.

Regan has made herself comfortable on the couch and Frasier begins to
chat with her, interrupted frequently by Martin who drops what he thinks
are subtle hints about what a great catch his son is.  Frasier
finally gets rid of Martin and Regan begins telling him that she might
have been interested in psychology if she hadn't loved animals so
much.  Frasier drags a reluctant Eddie onto his lap and nods
understandingly.

SCENE THREE - THE LIVING ROOM - LATER

Martin is apologizing for not having given Frasier enough
"help" to get him and Regan together.  Frasier rolls his
eyes and assures his father that he will ask Regan out the next 
day.

THE ELEVATOR - SAME TIME


Daphne rides up with Niles as she asks him whether he believes women can
tell when a man has a crush on them.  Niles fidgets nervously but
relaxes when Daphne tells him his brother has been acting all moony-eyed
over some woman.  Niles sighs and admits that he knows who it is,
but the problem is that Nile has developed a crush himself.  As it
happens, the woman Niles has a crush on is--

But the elevator door opens just as Niles is about to name Poppy, and
reveals Frasier pacing restlessly with Eddie in his arms and obviously
waiting for Regan.  They go inside the apartment and Niles begins to
press Frasier to identify the woman he's so smitten with.  Niles
suggests that it's Poppy, and once again Frasier tells him he's
completely wrong.  Niles isn't convinced, but as the doorbell rings
Frasier brightens and tells Niles that his prospective girlfriend has
arrived.  Regan comes in to return the teacup and Frasier introduces
her to Niles.

There is an extremely awkward silence as Niles and Regan very obviously
recognize one another.  When Frasier asks whether they've met, Regan
admits they have while Niles says they haven't.  Frasier discretely
withdraws to the kitchen with the teacup and the suggestion that they get
their stories straight.  Regan apologizes to Niles and says that she
was simply startled to see him outside his office.  Niles reassures
her that he has a policy of complete patient confidentiality, and Frasier
need never know that Niles has been seeing Regan.  He means
professionally, but Daphne overhears and sidles back to the kitchen to
tell Frasier.

THE KITCHEN

Daphne tells Frasier that Niles admitted to dating Regan, and in fact
this must be the woman Niles was talking about in the elevator -- the one
he had a crush on.  Frasier is infuriated but returns to the living
room with the coffee.

THE LIVING ROOM

Regan makes her excuses and leaves, though Frasier does manage to ask her
out for coffee first.  After she's gone Frasier turns to Niles and
grills him about how he met Regan.  Niles makes a lame excuse about
meeting her at a social event, an explanation Frasier obviously doesn't
believe.  He presses Niles to tell him about the woman Niles has a
crush on.  Niles admits that it's Poppy and asks whether Frasier is
upset.  Frasier laughs at the thought and is more convinced than
ever that Niles is lying and actually has a crush on Regan.  Niles
in turn is convinced that Frasier is laughing at the idea of his brother
having a chance with Poppy, and Niles leaves in a huff.

Frasier fumes to Daphne that Niles is obviously lying and vows to give
Niles more deceit than he can handle.  Daphne suggests that he
simply talk honestly with Niles, but Frasier assures her condescendingly
that she simply doesn't understand.


ACT TWO

SCENE ONE - CAFE NERVOSA - DAY

Roz parks herself at Frasier's table over Frasier's protests that he is
expecting a date.  Once again Rozries to persuade him to buy tickets
to the charity dance, but her sales pitch is interrupted by Poppy, who
enters carrying Frasier's umbrella.  She returns it to him, and when
he tells her that he always leaves it in the booth at the station, she
pats his cheek understandingly and assures him that she has memory
lapses, too.  

She departs for the coffee bar, but not before Nilesenters and observes
Poppy stroking Frasier's cheek with what appears to be affection. 

Frasier heads off to the coffee bar and the men's room, encountering
Niles on the way.  The two circle each other like prizefighters, and
Niles takes Frasier's vacant chair at the table with Roz.  Niles
asks Roz suspiciously where Poppy has gone.  Roz has no idea but
once again makes her sales pitch about the tickets.  When Niles
finds out that Frasier is not going to the dance, he snatches two tickets
with a promise to pay Roz later, and flees in hot pursuit of Poppy.

Frasier returns to the table asking Roz where Niles has gone.  She
doesn't know, but tells him there are now only two dance tickets left so
he'd better hurry if he wants them.  On learning that Niles
purchased the other two tickets, Frasier is convinced that Niles is
planning to ask Regan to the dance.  He snatches the two remaining
tickets and runs out to ask Regan before Niles can beat him to it. 
Roz is left alone at the table, totally mystified.

SCENE TWO - THE CHARITY DANCE - EVENING

Niles and Poppy make an elegant couple as they stroll through the
lavishly appointed ballroom.  It's a wonderful evening until Niles
spots Frasier coming in with Regan.  Niles sends Poppy off to find
their table and goes to the bar to retrieve some champagne.  Roz is
sipping a glass near the bar and Niles tells her he's sure that Frasier
has come to the dance to try and steal Poppy's affections.  Roz is
amused at Niles's idea about Frasier and Poppy, and Niles assures her
that she has simply missed the signs of attraction.


Frasier arrives at the bar just after Niles leaves, telling Roz that
Niles is surely planning to win Regan for himself.  Roz's assurance
that Niles genuinely likes Poppy falls on deaf ears, not that Roz is
surprised.  Frasier goes off to stir up the pot even more.

THE DANCE FLOOR - LATER

Niles and Frasier dance with their dates while glaring daggers at one
another across the dance floor.  Regan wonders aloud what is going
on, and Frasier tells her that not only does he know about her and Niles,
but that Niles has quite an attraction for her.  Regan is very upset
at the thought and pulls Frasier off the dance floor.  Poppy steps
on Niles's foot for what is clearly not the first time, and Niles limps
over to their table to rest.  Frasier and Regan join them and Poppy
begs Frasier to dance the tango with her.  Niles is alarmed as they
sweep into a steamy tango, and drags a protesting Regan onto the floor in
a dance of sibling rivalry that echoes his long-ago dance with
Daphne.  

In the course of a clumsy tango duel Niles assures Regan that her future
is not with Frasier, and Regan is more upset than ever at the thought
that her psychiatrist is jealous of her romance with his
brother.   Finally Niles can stand it no longer and goes over
to cut in on Frasier and Poppy.  But while Poppy assumes he wants to
dance with her, what Niles really wants is to argue with his
brother.  They leave the dance floor to settle the matter.

Niles tells Frasier that since they are obviously both after the same
woman, one of them must back off permanently.  Regan interrupts
asking for a word with Frasier, and Poppy comes over to beg for another
tango with Niles.  After the women leave, Niles remarks that
obviously "she has made her choice."  Frasier agrees, and
the two shake hands and return to dance with their dates.  

But now Frasier remarks to Regan that he feels guilty because Niles has
nobly agreed to give up his dreams of romance with Regan. 
Meanwhile, Niles is telling Poppy sadly that Frasier is obviously
suffering from a broken heart, a feeling Niles knows all too well. 
Eventually the brothers break away from their dates yet again for a
confab at the bar.  Regan is disgusted and asks Poppy whether she
can possibly be having a good time.  Poppy blushingly confesses that
she is, and that she things Nile has quite a little crush on her. 
Regan tells Poppy that there's something important she should know about
Niles.

AT THE BAR

Niles and Frasier are having second thoughts about their competition for


the same woman.  What will happen, they wonder, when they have to
run into one another at social events again and again?  How will it
affect their brotherly relationship?  Meanwhile they spot Regan and
Poppy leaving the dance in a huff.  Frasier takes a deep breath and
tells Niles he should go after the woman he loves, not considering
Frasier's feelings.  Niles replies emotionally that he couldn't
possibly do that to his brother, and that Frasier should be the one to go
after her.  Finally they agree that it will be better if they both
give up, and they order a drink to seal their agreement.

Frasier proposes that they drink to a pretty remarkable woman, and Niles
agrees.  They toast simultaneously:

"To Poppy!" says Niles.

"To Regan!" says Frasier.

They down their drinks like drowning men as they realize their
mistake.

END OF SCENE

CREDIT TAG

Roz is dancing with a handsome waiter when another waiter cuts in. 
Roz is flattered until the second waiter hands the first a serving tray
and orders him back to work, then leaves the floor himself.  Roz
goes back to her table to sip champagne sadly.

END OF SHOW

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by Nick Hartley, Kathy 
 Churay. This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright 
 of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


