
[8.3]The Bad Son

The Bad Son

 Written by Rob Hanning 
 Directed by Sheldon Epps 

=====================================================================
Production Code: 8.3
Episode Number In Production Order: 169
Filmed on: 22nd August 2000
Original Airdate on NBC: 31st October 2000
Transcript written on 2nd November 2000

Premise

 Frasier uses Martin as a pretext for meeting the attractive director 
 of a retirement home.

Transcript {Mike Lee}

Skyline: Doppler Waves radiate from the tip of the Space Needle as if 
from a radio antenna.

ACT ONE

WHEN BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD BMW OWNERS

Scene One - Bus - Night
As the bus pulls over, it makes a heavy splash.  The door opens, 
and Frasier and Roz step on.  Frasier is soaking wet.

    Roz: Rule number one: always stand in back of the curb until 
         the bus has come to a complete stop.  Now take your money 
         and put it right in here.
Frasier: Yes, thank you, Roz, but I am not completely lacking in 
         street smarts. [to the driver] Good day, busman.  The 
         northwest corner of Highland and 1st, please.
 Driver: That's not a stop.
Frasier: I know. [takes out a dollar bill] Perhaps if I just shove a 
         little encouragement into this box-
    Roz: Come on!

She shoves him back into the passenger area, which is packed.

    Roz: Keep your eyes peeled for a seat, and hold on to a pole.
Frasier: Doesn't look very clean, Roz.
    Roz: [looks down] Well, would you rather wind up on the floor?
Frasier: [looks down] Dear God!

As the last passengers board the bus, an attractive blond woman 
(Miranda) gets on and sits next to a brunette woman (Francine).  
Frasier is immediately captivated.

 Miranda: [British accent] Francine!


Francine: Miranda!  Oh, long time.  How are things at the Colonnade?
 Miranda: Oh, just for you, a mess.  Things have gotten so crazy there, 
          they put me in charge.
Francine: Oh, that's great!  You deserve it.
 Miranda: Oh, thank you.  How are you doing?
     Roz: [whispering] Which one are you staring at?
 Frasier: I'm not staring.  That would be rude.
     Roz: Which one?
 Frasier: Blonde.
     Roz: Why don't you go over and talk to her?
 Frasier: Oh please, Roz, come on, the woman's a perfect stranger.
     Roz: Stranger?  You know her name, you know she has a job, 
          you know she's attractive.  It's like an A&E biography 
          compared to what I used to know going in.

Frasier considers doing it, then checks his clothes.

Frasier: Gosh, look at me - soaked through, hair's a mess.
    Roz: Believe me, you could look a lot worse.

She gestures to the roof.  Frasier looks and sees an ad for his show, 
with an eye-patch and goatee inked over his portrait.

Frasier: After I specifically told people on the air not to do that!
    Roz: Look, why don't you go over and talk to her?  It's not like 
         you'll ever see her again if she shoots you down.
Frasier: Perhaps you're right.  What harm could it do? [looks at her 
         again] My goodness - who would have thought that such a rare 
         butterfly could exist in this tin cocoon?
    Roz: Hey, for your information, plenty of refined, sophisticated 
         women ride the bus every... Open your eyes, nimrod, that 
         was my stop!

The bus stops, and Francine rises from her seat.

    Roz: [as she’s leaving] Good luck.

She gets off.  Frasier quickly sits down beside Miranda - cutting off 
a pregnant woman just getting on.

Miranda: Oh please, take mine.

She gets up and steps to the back of the bus.

Frasier: [gets up] Oh, uh, you'd better take mine, too.  That way
         you can spread out.  Well, not that you need to spread out, 
         actually, uh, well, right... it's my first time on a bus.

The woman sits down.  Miranda goes to the rear door.

Frasier: Excuse me, Miss?  Uh, Miranda!

He slips on the mess on the floor and goes down.  Miranda turns at 
the sound of her name, but sees nothing, and gets off the bus.

FADE OUT

Scene Two - Apartment
Martin is in his Armchair, on the phone.

 Martin: Well Duke, how's the weather in Florida?  Eighty-two!  Oh, 
         I sure envy you.  Yes, none of the rain here.  Yeah, Channel 
         Four said it should clear up tomorrow, but the Channel Five 


         guy said probably not till the weekend.

The doorbell rings.  Daphne goes to answer it.

 Martin: Yeah, then there's the Weather Channel.  Early-morning guy 
         said it’ll probably break by Saturday, but then the mid-
         morning guy... what do you mean, you got to go?  Shuffleboard?  
         Oh come on, Duke, get a life!

Daphne opens the door to Niles.

 Daphne: Hey, Niles!  I thought you were working.
  Niles: Well, the patient cancelled, so I thought I'd drop by and 
         see you. [breathless] Oh my God, you have no idea how good 
         it feels to say that!  I'm here to see you!  No more flimsy 
         pretenses.  No more making tedious small talk with Dad.
 Martin: Hey Niles, it's eighty-two in Florida!
  Niles: Here to see Daphne, Dad!
 Daphne: Well, I'd better check on the roast in the oven.  It's three-
         seventy-five in there!

She goes to the kitchen.

 Martin: All right, no more weather talk.  Probably just getting a 
         little stir-crazy from being cooped up for two weeks.  But 
         won't be too much longer.  It'll all end with the meteor 
         shower on Saturday, if you can believe those Channel Seven 
         Doppler guys.  Ooh, I wonder what they're up to.

He grabs the remote and flips on the TV.  Daphne comes back out.

 Daphne: You know that meteor shower we had a few years ago?
  Niles: Oh please, don't remind me.  I was over here having dinner 
         with Maris.  I will never forget that night.
 Daphne: Neither will I.  I've never seen a person cut a caper in half.
  Niles: No, no, I was out on the terrace witnessing this incredible 
         display, and I was absolutely miserable.  Now I know it's 
         because I would much rather have been sharing that moment 
         with you.
 Daphne: Well, I'm here now.  Why don't we watch it together this 
         Saturday?
  Niles: Oh Daphne, that's a wonderful idea!  We'll-we'll recreate the 
         entire moment, right there on the terrace, right down to the 
         last detail.  Except we'll be together.  And instead of serving 
         the '92 Dom Perignon, we'll serve the '90, and we'll right two 
         horrible wrongs!

Frasier comes in, even wetter than before.  He angrily shakes out the 
skeletal ruin of his umbrella, then drops it in the wastebasket.

 Martin: Wow.  Frasier, what happened?
Frasier: What happened?  I went six months without replacing my pollen 
         filter in my car, so it was in the shop.  Couldn't get a cab, 
         so I took the bus home.  Which splashed me!  And I fell down, 
         missed my stop, and had to walk home ten blocks in this 
         downpour!
  Niles: You went six months without changing your pollen filter?!
 Daphne: Looks like you could use a spot of tea.
Frasier: Desperately!
 Daphne: What'll it be, then?  I've got Earl Grey, English Breakfast, 
         Chamomile, Orange Pekoe, Oolong, Lapsang Sou-
Frasier: Oh, for God's sake, just throw a bag in some hot water! 
         [pause] Earl Grey.


Daphne goes to the kitchen.

 Martin: Hey Fras, I know it's not your thing, but Duke sent me a 
         couple of tickets for tomorrow's Sonics game.  You want 
         to go?
Frasier: I've got plans.
 Martin: What plans?
Frasier: Just plans.
 Martin: Well, if you don't want to go, just tell me.
Frasier: I don't want to go.
 Martin: Would it kill you to spend one night with me?!
Frasier: For God's sake, I spend every night with you!  God knows, 
         I have done my best to keep you entertained, but in the 
         seven years since you've landed at my doorstep, have you 
         ever known me once to show any interest in basketball?!

Martin angrily gets up.

  Niles: You know I'd go, Dad, but I have the quilt show.
 Martin: Please Niles, I feel bad enough already.

He goes to the kitchen.

Frasier: Care for a sherry, Niles?
  Niles: Thank you. [Frasier pours two] Little rough on Dad, 
         weren't you?
Frasier: Oh, I suppose so.  It's just been a rotten day.  You don't 
         even know the topper — there was an enchanting young woman 
         on the bus.  Just when I'd worked up enough nerve to go and 
         talk to her, I slipped on something that I can only hope was 
         an old burrito!  Before I could manage to get up, she was gone.
  Niles: Well, I suppose it just wasn't meant to be.
Frasier: Wait a minute.  You know, I did happen to overhear her name, 
         and where she works.
  Niles: Well then, what are you waiting for?  Seize the day!  You think  
         I got together with Daphne by just sitting around?  Take a 
         chapter from my book.
Frasier: Exactly what chapter would that be?
  Niles: [admitting] The last chapter.
Frasier: Yes.  Suppose I did go and talk with her?  What would I say?  
         "I spied on you on the bus, and I've managed to hunt you down 
         here where you work, would you care to have dinner sometime?"  
         I might as well just lop off my ear and mail it to her.
  Niles: No, just pretend you're there on business.  Where does she 
         work?
Frasier: It's a retirement home.
  Niles: Oh... oh, well, uh, tell her you're there looking for someplace 
         for Dad.  In fact, bring him along for cover.
Frasier: No, no, you know how he hates those places.  He'd never agree 
         to it.
  Niles: Well, he doesn't need to.  Just take him to the game tomorrow,
         and make an unannounced stop on the way.
Frasier: So you're suggesting that I-I go crawling back to Dad, beg him 
         to let me take him to the basketball game, use him to meet a 
         pretty girl, and sit through a sport I loathe.
  Niles: All right, I see your point.
Frasier: No, I'm just trying to get the sequence right. [heads to 
         the kitchen] Oh, Dad!

FADE TO:

Scene Three - The Colonnade
The foyer of the retirement home.  Frasier leads Martin through the 


door.

 Martin: You could have told me we were stopping here when we left 
         for the game.
Frasier: If you'd known that, you never would have agreed to come.
 Martin: Well, you didn't have to trick me.  I mean, I would never 
         do anything like that to you.
Frasier: It seems someone is forgetting sending Niles and me off to 
         Boy Scout Camp to earn our "Opera Badges!"

Miranda comes in.

Frasier: Oh, there she is!  All right, now listen, remember, you're 
         interested in living here.
 Martin: All right, but I don't want to be late for the game.
Frasier: Excuse me, uh, I'm Frasier Crane, this is my father Martin.
Miranda: Hello.
Frasier: We're interested in finding out a bit more about the Colonnade.  
         Is there someone we could talk to?
Miranda: Oh well, I'm the director here, Miranda Rogers.  Um, why don't 
         I get you a couple of brochures, and if you like what you see, 
         you can fill out an application.
 Martin: Application?
Miranda: It only takes about twenty minutes.
 Martin: Twenty minutes?
Frasier: Yes, Dad, application, twenty minutes. [to Miranda] He likes 
         to repeat things, it's a soothing mechanism. [strokes Martin's 
         hair, speaking carefully] Twenty-minutes, twenty-minutes.
Miranda: You're very patient with him.  I'll be right back.

She leaves.

 Martin: You didn't say I'd have to put anything in writing.  You 
         haven't even seen her before, have you?  You're trying to 
         put me in here for real!
Frasier: No, I'm not!
 Martin: Well, you said you met her on the bus, I knew that story was 
         full of holes!
Frasier: For God's sake, will you just stop it?  No one's going to put 
         you anywhere!
 Martin: You're damn right they're not, because I'm not filling out 
         any application!  So will you hurry up and make your date, 
         and let's get off this ice floe!

Miranda comes back.

Miranda: You know, I'm starting a tour in a few minutes, it'd be a 
         good way to get your questions answered.
Frasier: Oh, that's a splendid idea.
 Martin: A tour?
Frasier: Yes, Dad, a tour. [strokes his hair again] A-tour.  Now come 
         along.

Martin gives him a very hooded look.

DISSOLVE TO:

Scene Four - The Colonnade - Later
Miranda leads the tour group back into the foyer, the Cranes bringing 
up the rear.

Miranda: As you can see, we're a full service facility...
 Martin: Will you hurry up and ask her?  If we move any slower in this 


         place they're gonna start harvesting our organs!
Frasier: All right!  It's kind of difficult with all these people 
         around.
 Martin: Well, the game's already started.  Two minutes, and I'm 
         calling a cab.
Frasier: All right, all right.

He heads to the front of the group.  An elderly resident (Lee) notices 
Martin.

    Lee: Hey, I know you.  McGinty's, right?
 Martin: Yeah, Marty Crane.
    Lee: Yeah, Lee Zeppowitz.
 Martin: Hi, Lee.
    Lee: Hey, we could really use a fourth for poker, if you're moving 
         in.
 Martin: Oh jeez, no, I'm sorry.  I'm just here to do a favor for my 
         son.  We're on our way over to the ballgame.
    Lee: Uh-huh.  They told me I was going to the Space Needle.

He leaves.  Martin gets a suspicious look on his face.  Frasier has 
managed to get Miranda alone.

Frasier: Thanks for the tour.
Miranda: Oh, you're welcome.  If you have any more questions, don't 
         hesitate to ask.
Frasier: Well actually, you know, I do have, uh, one more question, 
         um... do you think it'd be possible to have dinner sometime?
Miranda: Oh, sure.  Um, come by with your father around five tomorrow 
         and I'll set you up at the cafeteria.  I should warn you 
         tomorrow's steak night, so be prepared to throw a few elbows! 
         [laughs] And you just asked me out on a date, didn't you?
Frasier: Yes, but that was before I knew it was steak night.
Miranda: Sure, why not?  Um, how about this weekend?
Frasier: Well, that's-that's great.  Uh, I'll-I'll call you.
Miranda: Okay.  Um, you know, I-I don't normally date people I've just 
         met, but you seem like such a nice person.  I can tell by the 
         way you are with your father.
Frasier: Yes, well, we're very close.

He heads out the door, mission accomplished.  Miranda notices Martin 
is still waiting at the desk.  Frasier rushes back in.

Frasier: All right, Dad, I checked and the rain's letting up a bit.

They leave.

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene Five - Apartment - Night
The apartment is made up in date mode.  

The doorbell rings.  Frasier comes out in his best suit, picks up the 
remote control for the stereo, and turns on some soft music.  Swaying 
to the tune, he opens the door — to Niles, carrying a champagne bottle.

Frasier: Niles!  What are you doing here?
  Niles: Daphne and I are watching the meteor shower on the terrace.
Frasier: No, you're not, I have a date! [turns off the stereo]
  Niles: That's tonight?!
Frasier: Yes.


  Niles: Well-well-well, what are we gonna do?
Frasier: I don't know.  Uh, go to the roof.
  Niles: We can't do that, we're having a recreation!

Daphne comes out of the kitchen, wearing a nice dress with a shawl
over her shoulders, carrying a picnic basket.

  Niles: Oh, you'll never believe this.  Frasier wants to send us to 
         the roof!
 Daphne: What a romantic idea.
  Niles: [grins to cover] Isn't it?

The doorbell rings again.

Frasier: Yes, yes, it's very romantic, now get your crap and go!  
         Coming, coming!

He hustles them to the door.

  Niles: Where'd you put Dad, in storage?
Frasier: I have no idea where Dad is.  All I know is that he's not 
         here, and you are!

He opens the door to Miranda.

Miranda: Hello.
Frasier: Good evening, Miranda.  Come in.  Uh, I'd like to introduce 
         you to my brother, Niles Crane.
Miranda: Hello.
Frasier: And this is Daphne Moon-
Miranda: Hi.
Frasier: His... lady friend.

Daphne and Niles both blush.

 Daphne: Oh, I suppose I am!

As they chatter giddily, Frasier shoves them out the door and 
closes it.

Frasier: I'm so sorry, my brother's not very social, really.  Uh, here 
         we are. [shows her in] Would you care for some wine?
Miranda: Oh, I'd love some, yeah.  Oh, you have a beautiful place!
Frasier: Thank you.
Miranda: [sees the Armchair] Ah, something tells me this must be 
         your father's chair.
Frasier: Yes, well, you know, I insisted that he bring it with him when 
         he moved in here.  I mean, after all, this is his home too.
Miranda: How thoughtful of you.
Frasier: Yes.
Miranda: Well, I imagine he'll be bringing that with him when he moves 
         in.
Frasier: Gosh, Miranda, you know, I've got to be honest with you, uh... 
         as much as I like the Colonnade, I'm not sure Dad's really 
         ready to move in yet.
Miranda: Well then, I guess he hasn't told you.  Your father filled out 
         an application today.
Frasier: Application?  My father?  Today?
Miranda: Sounds like he's moving out just in time, you're picking up 
         that repeating thing.

FADE TO:


BETTER A WINDSHIELD THAN HIS TEETH

Scene Six - Elliot Bay Towers Roof
Niles and Daphne are sitting on a blanket on the roof with their picnic 
basket.

  Niles: You know, I've been giving a lot of thought to this idea of a 
         pet name for you.
 Daphne: [hopeful] And you've decided to give it up?
  Niles: No, I don't give up that easily... "Woggles."

Daphne laughs.

  Niles: I was kidding.  You're not really a "Woggles."  You're more of 
         a "Cuddles."  No, I was kidding again!  Someone stop me!
 Daphne: [re: basket] Well, what have we got in here, then?
  Niles: Uh, oh well, we have the finest champagne, and beluga caviar... 
         [lifts out a plate of peanut brittle] oh, and broken bits of 
         pottery.
 Daphne: That's peanut brittle.  I made it myself so we could have 
         something sweet.  Try some.
  Niles: Oh well, I hardly need something sweet with you here.
 Daphne: Oh, [kisses him] you are such a dear. [no-nonsense] 
         Seriously, try some.

Niles puts a small piece in his mouth.  From the way he screws up his 
face, we can see something ghastly's going on in his mouth, but he's 
trying hard not to show it.

  Niles: Mmm.  Oh...
 Daphne: Is it good?
  Niles: Oh, it's like little shards of heaven.

A gust of wind lifts the blanket and blows away their plates.

 Daphne: Oh dear!  The wind's picked up.
  Niles: Oh dear!  I hope nothing else blows away!

She goes to retrieve the plates.  While her back's turned, he cocks 
his arm and flings the peanut brittle off the roof.  She turns back.

 Daphne: What happened to the peanut brittle?
  Niles: It blew away!

On the street below, a car alarm goes off.

  Niles: Oh, I'll run and get some books to hold this cloth down.

He goes through the open stairway door.  Daphne takes the cinder block 
holding the door open and puts it on the blanket.  

CUT TO: inside the Stairwell
The door slams shut, trapping Niles.

  Niles: What happened?
 Daphne: [from behind the door] I moved the block to hold down the 
         blanket and [tries the door] now the door seems to be stuck.
  Niles: [tries it himself, no luck] All right, uh, Daphne, you sit 
         tight, I'll run and get the super, he'll have it open in a 
         minute.
 Daphne: All right.


Niles steps down the stairs and pushes the door at the bottom.  
It doesn't budge.  He tries it again, with a tinge of panic.

  Niles: Daphne, where's the key to the stairway door?
 Daphne: Oh, I've got it.  I'll slide it under.
  Niles: Oh, all right.  No problem, take your time, no need to panic.
 Daphne: Oh, dear.  There is no under.  It's sealed tight.
  Niles: Sealed?  All right, now Daphne, [breathing faster] try and 
         remain calm.
 Daphne: Well, we'll just have to wait for the night watchman.  
         He checks all these doors when he does his rounds in 
         a few hours.
  Niles: [hyperventilating] For the last time, Daphne, I told you not 
         to panic, and so you don't make me say it again, I have to 
         conserve oxygen!

He closes one nostril with his finger, breathing only through the 
other one.

FADE TO:

Scene Seven - The Colonnade
Martin is playing seven-card stud in the foyer with Lee and two other 
residents.

Frasier comes in.

    Lee: Hey look, Marty, there's your son.
 Martin: Yeah, nice try, like I'd take my eyes off you while you're 
         dealing.
Frasier: Dad, can I have a word with you for a second?
 Martin: Oh, Fras!  Yeah, all right.  Uh, keep going, guys, I'm in.

He gets up and goes to Frasier.

 Martin: What happened to your date?
Frasier: Oh well, suffice it to say it didn't go so well.  Spent the 
         whole time worried about you.  Listen, I-I came down to 
         apologize.  I've been selfish, and I've neglected you, and 
         I'm sorry.
 Martin: Oh well, apology accepted, son.  We've both been a little 
         cranky, it's probably just the rain.
Frasier: No, Dad, listen, listen, I want us to go to games together, 
         I really do.  And I want us to see movies, and go drinking 
         at McGinty's-
 Martin: Well, that's great, son.
Frasier: No, Dad, Dad, I'm trying to say something here.  I'm not 
         ready for you to leave.  

Martin is amazed.

Frasier: I-I don't want you to move in here.  I miss you too much.  
         Please, Dad, come home.

He hugs Martin.

 Martin: Well, what the hell are you talking about?  I'm not moving in 
         here.
Frasier: But Miranda told me you filled out an application, that you 
         told her you'd found a new home.
 Martin: [lowers voice] Well, I had to.  It's the only way to 
         stay in the game, it's for residents only.
Frasier: This was just a-a ruse so you could continue playing poker?


 Martin: Well, it's not just poker, it's poker with the three worst 
         players I've ever seen!
    Lee: Hey Marty, you in?  Sid's got a pair of tens showing.
 Martin: Look at me, Sid!

Sid tries to look Martin in the eye, but can't.

 Martin: Raise you twenty. [to Frasier] You dream about getting in 
         games like this all your life, but you never think it's 
         gonna happen!
Frasier: Dad, Dad, please, I can't let you go on taking advantage of 
         these people!
 Martin: Well, I'm not taking advantage of them, I'm-I'm giving them an 
         education!  Consider it, uh, an expensive seminar.
Frasier: Seminar, my eye!  Now you're gonna give every cent of that 
         money back to those men!
 Martin: [sighs] All right.  I'll let them win it back.
    Lee: Come on, Marty, you in?
 Martin: [sits down] All right, yeah, I'm in.  Let's see — oh, Lee's 
         got a pair of aces, whoa!  And three tens here!  What have 
         I got?  Four, five, seven... ah well, I'll just bet it all.

He puts all his winnings in the middle.

    Lee: Too rich for my blood.

All three of them fold.

Frasier: I'll leave the light on for you, Dad.

Frasier leaves.

FADE TO:

Scene Eight - Elliot Bay Towers Roof
Daphne is sitting against the door, with the blanket wrapped around 
her shoulders.

 Daphne: How are you holding up?  Is that spider still around?

CUT TO: Stairwell
Niles is huddled into a ball next to the door.

  Niles: Oh, I think he's realized he's more afraid of me than I am of 
         him... [looks up] He's not in his corner!  He's not in his 
         corner!  Oh, there it is, found him.

CUT TO: Roof
Daphne eats a cracker with caviar.

  Niles: Oh Daphne, you must be starving.  Please, please, don't wait 
         for me, you go ahead and eat.
 Daphne: [tries to sound empty-mouthed] You sure? [looks up] Oh, I 
         just saw one!
  Niles: A spider?!
 Daphne: No, a meteor!  Oh, it's beautiful!  It just appeared out of 
         nowhere!

CUT TO: Stairwell

  Niles: That's it, that's it!  I missed it the last time, I'm not 
         gonna let it happen again!  Daphne, stand back, this door 
         is coming down!


He charges up the stairs and rams his shoulder into the door — 
nothing, except pain.

CUT TO: Roof
Daphne stands away from the door.  She didn’t even hear him hit.

 Daphne: Okay, I'm ready!  Oh, I just saw another one!  Oh, it's 
         breathtaking!  It just streaked from one end of the sky 
         to the other!  Oh Niles, I wish you could see this.
  Niles: Oh, so do I, my love.
 Daphne: What did you just call me?
  Niles: Oh well, it was kind of a place-filler.  I didn't have time to 
         think of a good one.
 Daphne: No, I-I like it... "My love."  It's nice.  

Pause.

 Daphne: Oh, I just saw another one!
  Niles: What's it look like?
 Daphne: It's got a long, glittering tail.  It reminds me of the time 
         my father drove home from the pub with a trashcan stuck 
         underneath his car.  Sparks were flying everywhere!  Did I 
         ever tell you that story?
  Niles: No, you never did... my love.
 Daphne: Well, my father stopped in at the pub on his way home from 
         work...

CUT TO: Stairwell
Niles rests his head against the door and smiles.  He has everything 
he needs.

END OF ACT TWO

Credits: 

Roof:
The night watchman opens the door.  Niles comes up and hugs Daphne 
with relief.  They both thank the night watchman.

As they hug again, he goes back down the stairs, letting the door 
swing shut.  Daphne and Niles go to follow him.  Niles tries the door, 
with no result.  He smiles at her, tugging a bit harder.  Before long 
they are both pounding on it, yelling down.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 TUSHKA BERGEN as Miranda
 EDDIE CARROLL as Lee
 MARY OSTROW as Francine
 KEVIN DEAN WILLIAMS as Bus Driver

Thanks To...

Transcript written by Mike Lee.
Edited by Mike Lee.

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2000 by "The Frasier Files". This
 episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 



