
[8.18]Forgotten But Not Gone

Forgotten But Not Gone                 Written by David Lloyd
                                       Directed by Pamela Fryman
=====================================================================
Production Code: 8.18
Episode Number In Production Order: 182
Filmed on:
Original Airdate on NBC: 17th April 2001
Transcript written on 18th April 2001
Transcript revised on 17th April 2004

Transcript {Mike Lee}

ACT ONE
Scene One – Wine Club
Niles, wearing his Corkmaster's ribbon, is at the podium as the members 
finish applauding Reynolds, another member, holding a trumpet.

   Niles: Thank you, thank you, Brother Reynolds, for your inaugural ode, 
          and may I congratulate you on your ingenuity in rhyming 
          "Sauvignon" with "tie one on."
Reynolds: [with a sycophantic salute] Sir.
   Niles: And now, as outgoing Corkmaster it is my privilege [takes 
          ribbon off] to bestow the sash of office upon the newly-
          elected Corkmaster... which would be me! [puts ribbon back 
          on, to applause] Thank you, thank you, thank you for your 
          support.  It humbles me, and I only hope to live up to the 
          shining example of my predecessor. [laughter] And of course 
          the example of my opponent, the other brother Crane, who so 
          graciously conceded after that fourth recount.  Is he - is he 
          here?  I guess he's not.  Well, I'm sure he's with us in 
          spirit.  Uh, if you'll indulge me, I've cobbled together a few 
          remarks to express what this moment means to me-

Frasier clambers down the stairs, acting embarrassed but obviously 
making as much noise as he can.

 Frasier: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!  Oh God, I'm terribly sorry I'm late!  
          Oh, it's just coming down in buckets out there!
   Niles: Hello, Frasier. [resumes] Just as the cork protects the wine, 
          as Corkmaster I hope to protect the wine club from the forces 
          of metaphorical oxidation-
 Frasier: Oh lord, Niles, are you in the middle of your inauguration 
          speech?  I'm so sorry.
   Niles: That's all right, that's all right.
 Frasier: It's just that I have an announcement of my own to make.
   Niles: Yes well, uh, new business is concluded, Brother Crane.
 Frasier: I move that we re-open new business.
Reynolds: Second.
   Niles: Denied. [bangs gavel]
 Frasier: Point of order: once a motion has been seconded, there must 
          be a vote.
   Niles: Oh, all right, just tell us your new business.
 Frasier: To override procedure, there must be a quorum.


   Niles: Very well.  Move for a vote?
Reynolds: Second.
   Niles: All in favor?
 Members: Aye!
   Niles: Motion carried. [bangs gavel] Secretary, make a note.
Reynolds: Noted, Corkmaster.
   Niles: Thank you so much. [to Frasier] Proceed.
Endicott: [a member, to himself] I remember when we used to come here 
          to drink.

Frasier stands next to the podium.

Frasier: Corkmaster, members of the wine cabinet, esteemed brothers 
         and sisters, I come here tonight with a heavy heart.  You see, 
         I am resigning from the wine club.

There are gasps and moans of dismay.

   Niles: Frasier, this wouldn't have anything to do with my winning 
          the election, would it?
 Frasier: No, no, of course not, Niles, I couldn't be happier for you.  
          You see, I've been afforded a marvelous opportunity to pass 
          on what I've learned here to a much larger audience.  
          Starting next week I will be hosting a new feature on KACL, 
          called "the Wine Corner," just at the end of Gil Chesterton's 
          "Restaurant Beat." [applause] Thank you, thank you.
Reynolds: Can't you do both?
 Frasier: Oh well, no, regrettably no.  You see, like this Camembert, 
          I am at my most delicious when I'm not spread too thin.  
          But this isn't goodbye by any stretch of the imagination.  
          Please, I invite each and every one of you to call into my 
          show, so that you can help me get Seattle hooked on our 
          sometimes whimsical, always enlightened brand of discussion.  
          But, I've taken enough time away from Niles.  After all, 
          this is his night.  He has been elected Corkmaster of this 
          fine club.
   Niles: Thank you, Frasier.  For a moment I thought you were settling 
          in for a long farewell speech.
Reynolds: Second.
 Frasier: All in favor?
 Members: Aye!
 Frasier: Well, if you insist! [takes podium] It was a short seven 
          years ago, on a night very much like this one, a man had a 
          dream...

Niles, swept to the side, morosely caresses his Corkmaster medal.

FADE OUT

OENOLOGY FOR DUMMIES

Scene Two – KACL
Frasier heads down the hall with Roz.

Frasier: All right, Roz, now this is a very different kind of show 
         we're going to be doing, so are you clear on the procedure?
    Roz: What's so hard?  You talk for a while, I screen calls, you 
         answer them, I look interested – oh, I see the hard part.
Frasier: Oh, ha-ha, very funny.  All right, now listen, this is a list 
         of the members of the wine club. [hands it to her] If any of 
         these names should happen to call, put them through 
         immediately, and then fasten your seat belt for an all-out, 
         free-wheeling symposium!


Kenny comes into the hall.

  Kenny: Hey, there's my Renaissance man!
Frasier: Ah, Kenny!
  Kenny: If he can't solve their problems with therapy, solve 'em with 
         drinking!
Frasier: Yes well, let's just keep that out of the ads, shall we?
  Kenny: Heh-heh, too late! 
Frasier: Kenny!

In the booth, Gil is doing his show with his new producer, 
an effeminate slip of a lad called Lance.

    Gil: And finally, no review of Le Petite Oiseau would be complete 
         without a word about their décor: hideous!  I'll be back after 
         these messages.
  Lance: [singsong] And we're out!

Kenny brings Roz and Frasier into the producer's booth.

  Kenny: Hi, Lance.  This is Frasier, and this is Roz.  She'll be 
         producing the rest of the show.
    Roz: Hi. [extends her hand]
  Lance: Oh, my! [ignores it] Isn't that interesting?
    Roz: Yes well, Frasier wants me to produce his segment of the show.  
         We have to get the levels just right to accommodate the timbre 
         of his voice.
  Lance: Oh, my, my, my, isn't she the fusspot!
Frasier: Actually, it was my idea.
  Lance: That's who I was talking about!

Frasier goes into the broadcast booth.

Frasier: Listen, Gil, I-I hope you don't mind my doing this segment.
    Gil: Oh, perish the thought!  I'm ecstatic - as ecstatic as you 
         would be if someone hijacked the last fifteen minutes of 
         your show.

Roz comes in.

    Roz: Hey Gil, what is the deal with Lance?
    Gil: Oh, smitten already, are we, Roz?  Well, he's certainly catnip 
         to the ladies.
    Roz: No, that would- [confused] Really?
    Gil: Well, that's what he claims.  Of course, I've never actually 
         seen him with a woman.  Well, just between us I've always 
         thought he went the other way.
    Roz: [more confused] Which way would that be?
  Lance: And we're back!
    Gil: [into mike] Normally at this time I'd be doing my segment on 
         food for the calorie-conscious, "All Things Light and Edible."  
         But apparently health is going to take a backseat to the 
         random musings of a radio psychiatrist on wine.  So without 
         further ado, I give you "The Wine Corner," with your host, 
         Dr. Frasier Crane.

Gil slaps his headphones down on the console and leaves the booth 
with Lance.  Frasier and Roz assume their positions.

Frasier: Thank you, Gil, for that gracious introduction.  And hello, 
         Seattle!  Welcome to "The Wine Corner."  I hope you're as 
         excited about this new program as I am.  I offer myself as 


         sherpa – a guide, if you will, to lead you through the 
         labyrinth of vintages and wine lists, chateaus and bodegas, 
         and take you hopefully to a whole new level of sophistication...

DISSOLVE TO:

Scene Three – Fifteen minutes later.
Frasier is wrapping up his segment.  The wind has all but gone out 
of his sails.

Frasier: In summary, Linda, the year listed on the bottle is not an 
         expiration date.  So that wine from 1997 should be perfectly 
         safe to drink. [disconnects] Who else, Roz?
    Roz: We have ten seconds, Frasier.
Frasier: In that case, this is Frasier Crane, reminding you that 
         a great wine is like a great woman: always intoxicating, 
         ever-surprising, and only getting better with age.

He goes off the air.  Roz comes in.

    Roz: Aww, do you really believe that?
Frasier: Oh, who cares, Roz?  I stopped listening to myself ten minutes 
         ago.  You're sure no one from the wine club called?
    Roz: I'm positive.  Don't feel bad, you got a lot of other callers.
Frasier: It's just that I was hoping to provoke the same kind of
         spirited debates we have at the wine club!  No holds barred 
         free-for-alls!  Sometimes go into the wee hours of the night 
         and even spill out into the streets. [mournful] Oh, Roz, 
         we loved wine then.

Gil and Lance come in.

    Gil: Huzzah, Frasier!  I'm sure everyone who was listening is 
         hitting the bottle as we speak.  Well, Lance and I are going 
         for a boys' night out.
  Lance: [with a twirly hand motion] Lock up your daughters!

They leave.

FADE TO:

Scene Four – Apartment
Martin is in his Chair, reading the paper.  Frasier is at the dinner 
table with a laptop and a bottle of white wine.  He carefully takes 
a mouthful, swishes it around, then swallows and sucks in his breath 
sharply.  Then he types.

Frasier: Dad, tell me if you think this is too subtle for my listening 
         audience. [Martin puts his paper down] "This delightful 
         offering is infused with the brooding, almost dangerous, 
         presence of vanilla."
 Martin: No, it's not too subtle.  Unless you want them to know what 
         the hell you're talking about.
Frasier: Well, you don't think it's clear that I enjoyed the wine?
 Martin: I don't it's clear you're talking about wine.

Doorbell.

Frasier: Oh lord, that'll be the new therapist.
 Martin: Oh, lucky me.
Frasier: Oh now, behave yourself, Dad.  It's only until Daphne comes 
         back.  And besides, you have no idea how difficult it is to 
         find a therapist who can also cook.  Her name is Frederika.


 Martin: Oh, sounds German.  You know what that means – she was 
         probably kicked off the shotput team for using steroids.
Frasier: Now Dad, the Germans never threw anybody off the team for that.

Frasier opens the door to Frederika – a strapping German woman with 
blonde hair and a singsong accent.

  Frasier: Ah, hello.
Frederika: Hi, I'm Frederika.
  Frasier: Won't you come in? [she does] Here, let me take your bag.  
           I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, and this is my father, Martin.  
           Here, let me take your coat. [he does]
Frederika: Pleasure to meet you.
  Frasier: Listen, my father's been, well, letting his exercises slide 
           a bit.
Frederika: Oh well, that's human nature, Dr. Crane.  People neglect 
           their exercising for many reasons – holidays, travel, 
           illness, lack  of time, death... and there's only one of 
           those excuses that I accept: it's holidays! [laughs] 
           Oh, it's just your leg I'm pulling!
   Martin: [laughs] Oh, well, good one.  You know, I was worried that 
           you were going to be one of those drill-sergeant types.
Frederika: You'll show me your exercise mat.
   Martin: That's my other leg you're pulling, huh?
Frederika: Now!

Martin obeys, leading her to his room.  She follows with a strange, 
undulating walk.  Frasier returns to the table.

Frasier: Ah, yes... [sips, swishes, and sucks again; typing] "But 
         discernible only to the educated palate is the hint of 
         violets that lingers like a haunting refrain..."

From Martin's room comes a howl of agony, as if from a heretic on the 
Rack.  Frasier runs toward the hall when Frederika comes out.

Frederika: Shame on you, Dr. Crane!  You really should have kept him 
           at his exercises.
  Frasier: Is he all right?
Frederika: No, indeed!  He is shamefully out of shape!
  Frasier: But I meant-
Frederika: But don't worry.  I got here just in time.  I'll shape him 
           up, or know the reason why!

She goes back into the hall.  Frasier, worried, is about to follow her, 
but then the phone rings.

Frasier: Hello?  Oh yes, thank you for returning my call, Brother 
         Peabody.  Yes well, I'm just wondering, how come none of 
         the members have been calling my wine show? [shocked] No!  
         Well, just because Niles is Corkmaster, it doesn't mean he 
         has the right to dictate whom you may and may not call!  
         Good lord, the man is my own brother!  How can someone turn 
         his back on his own flesh and blood- [Martin screams even 
         louder] Someone on the phone here!

FADE TO:

Scene Five – Wine Club
Niles is holding court.

WHINE CLUB


Members: Aye!
  Niles: It is so resolved, [bangs gavel] any other business?

Frasier storms down the stairs.

   Niles: Ah, former Brother Crane, what are you doing here?
 Frasier: You know very well.  How dare you instruct the members not 
          to call in to my radio show?
   Niles: [indignant] I simply directed their attention to Law 10-C, 
          which states that the club "shall not, through contract or 
          deed, endorse-"
 Frasier: [with him] "Any commercial endeavor," yes, yes, Niles, you 
          can hide behind some flimsy bylaw if you wish to for as 
          long as you like, but we both know the subtext behind this 
          pretext: vindictiveness!
   Niles: Oh!
 Frasier: In light of this abuse of power, I move that the Corkmaster 
          be stripped of his title! [gasps from the members] And that 
          some more well-deserving member be named in his stead!
   Niles: Oh, the motion fails for lack of a second.
Reynolds: Second.
   Niles: Stop that!  Motion denied. [bangs gavel]
 Frasier: Point of order: a motion cannot be denied that has been 
          seconded!
   Niles: Yes well, the chair doesn't recognize motions from former 
          members, ergo there can be no second to a motion that 
          doesn't exist!
Endicott: I move whatever it takes to get us to the bar!
Reynolds: Second that.
   Niles: All right, the chair declares a state of emergency and a 
          five-second recess. [bangs gavel] Frasier, I want you out 
          of here.  It's bad enough you upstaged me the other night.
 Frasier: I did no such thing.
   Niles: Oh, no, you could have picked any time to announce your 
          resignation, but you chose my inauguration to do it!
 Frasier: For God's sakes, Niles, will you listen to yourself!  
          This is just a wine club!
   Niles: "Just a wine club?"  That's not the platform you campaigned 
          on two years in a row!  Look, you can say anything you want 
          now, you know how important this place is to me.
 Frasier: Yes, and you know how important my radio show is to me.
   Niles: Oh well, I guess then we're even.

Beat.

Frasier: So you admit it.  You have dishonored this club with your 
         selfishness!
  Niles: Yes well, at least I'm still in the club!  You are a 
         trespasser!  Sergeant-at-Arms!

Virgil Hepplewhite, the club’s elderly founder, rises slowly to his 
feet and hobbles over to Frasier.

Hepplewhite: We can do this the easy way or the hard way.
    Frasier: [sarcastic] All right, call off your henchmen.
      Niles: Thank you, stand down, Brother Hepplewhite.

Hepplewhite sits down.

Frasier: I'm just trying to save you from yourself, Niles.
  Niles: I see, well, goodbye, former Brother.
Frasier: You took the words right out of my mouth!


Frasier leaves.

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene Six – Apartment
Martin is tucking into a plate of German roast, with a glass stein of 
beer next to his plate.

Frasier shuffles in, seemingly at a loss.

Frasier: Hi, Dad.
 Martin: Hey.
Frasier: Anything good on TV tonight?
 Martin: I don't know, why?
Frasier: Oh, got the night free.  Thought we might hang out together.
 Martin: Oh... that's nice.
Frasier: Yeah, I usually have wine club on Wednesday nights.
 Martin: Oh.
Frasier: What do you usually do Wednesday nights?
 Martin: Oh, just sit back, enjoy the silence.
Frasier: Sounds good.

He sinks dolefully onto the couch.

Frasier: [checks his watch] Seven-thirty... wonder what they're doing 
         at the wine club right now.
 Martin: Oh, jeez.  Are you gonna do this all night?
Frasier: No, no, Dad, you're right, I-I'm sorry.  It's just that 
         I hate to see a once-proud institution making so many 
         foolish mistakes.
 Martin: Well, if it makes you feel any better, the club'll probably 
         fail without you.  It'll be no fun.  All the members'll 
         resign.  This time next month, they'll probably have torn the 
         building down.
Frasier: I never know when you're being facetious.
 Martin: Yeah, you do.
Frasier: All right, all right, let's talk about something else.  
         How's your physical therapy?
 Martin: Oh, it was the most painful afternoon of my life.  She did 
         things to me.  Bad things.
Frasier: Well Dad, I suppose we could look for another therapist-
 Martin: Whup, hold on a second!  Here, [takes a forkful of food from 
         his plate] try this.

Frasier does – it is delicious.  Martin laughs.

Frasier: My God, that sauerbrauten is ambrosial!
 Martin: Oh, and wait 'til you wash it down with her papa's homemade 
         lager! [takes a drink of beer]

Frederika comes out of the kitchen.

Frederika: How is everything?
  Frasier: Oh gosh, Frederika, I've never tasted anything so divine!
Frederika: Oh, ja, you see, Dr. Crane, I don't believe that fitness 
           depends on starving yourself.  The secret is exercise, hard 
           work, then good food and lots of it when you've earned it.
  Frasier: Oh well, this is fabulous food-

He reaches for another bite, but Frederika slaps his hand away.


Frederika: You haven't earned it! 

Frasier is scared.  Then she laughs, and pinches his cheek.

Frederika: That's just my way of having fun!  Of course you're welcome, 
           I'll get another plate.
  Frasier: Thank you.

She goes back to the kitchen.  Frasier is still rubbing his cheek, 
trying to get some feeling back in it.

 Martin: We ought to get Niles over here, you know?  He'd love this 
         stuff!
Frasier: Niles – Dad, I told you Niles is no longer welcome in this 
         house. [Frederika brings him a plate] Thank you, Frederika.
 Martin: Oh son, why don't you just ask your brother to take you back?
Frasier: I did.  I called him and I apologized.  He would hear none 
         of it.  All he did was keep quoting rules and bylaws.
 Martin: It's just like when you were kids with that fort!  You were 
         always making up these big fancy rules and titles for yourself 
         that always ended up in a fight!  I didn't like it then, and
         I don't like it now.
Frasier: All right, Dad, then we just won't talk about it.  Besides, 
         I'm through with wine club.
 Martin: Good!  Why don't we just enjoy our Wednesday?
Frasier: Second! [to himself] All in favor... aye... motion carried. 
         [off Martin's look] I'm done now.

FADE TO:

Scene Seven – Wine Club
Niles and other members are standing around, tasting wine.

   Niles: Mmm, mmm-hmm, mmm-hmm.  I'm getting oak with plummy overtones.
Endicott: I'm getting screwed on alimony.

Martin comes down the stairs.

 Martin: Niles, I want to talk to you.
  Niles: Dad!  What happened, is there something wrong?
 Martin: You're damn right there is, it's about you and Frasier! 
         [notices] Good God, you wear a sash?!
  Niles: Frasier sent you down here, didn't he?
Frasier: [o.s. from above] No!
 Martin: Frasier, get in here now!

Frasier shuffles in beside Niles.  The following scene is weirdly 
similar to a father dressing down two toddlers – a spectacle that 
both Frasier and Niles are desperate to avoid.

Frasier: Dad, this isn't necessary.
  Niles: Yeah, we-we can talk about this some other time.
 Martin: Zip it up, both of you!  I just gave up the best meal of my 
         life to come down here, so listen up.  Niles, let your brother 
         play.
  Niles: Dad, this is not a game, this is a club, and Frasier broke 
         the rules!
Frasier: Technically, I-
 Martin: [silences him] Well, then you write a new rule so that Frasier 
         can come back.
Frasier: First, I want an apology-
 Martin: I said zip it!


  Niles: He did, I heard him!
 Martin: Don't get smart!  Now, are you gonna let your brother play?
  Niles: Dad-
 Martin: Are you gonna let your brother play?
  Niles: Why-
 Martin: Are you gonna let your brother play?
  Niles: I-
 Martin: Are you gonna let your brother play?

Niles has no choice.

  Niles: Fine.
 Martin: Am I gonna have any more trouble between you two?
Frasier/Niles: [humble] No.
 Martin: No, what?
Frasier/Niles: No, sir.
 Martin: Good.  Now shake hands. [they do] That's more like it.  Now if 
         you don't mind, I've got a big plate of Gewürzplätzchen waiting 
         for me at home with my name on it.

Martin leaves.  The whole wine club has watched this scene.

   Niles: Uh, well, [chuckles] let's get back to the wine, shall we?
Reynolds: You got yelled at by your dad.

He giggles, and all the members laugh.

   Niles: Well, be that as it may-
Endicott: Zip it!

Everyone laughs louder.

FADE TO:

Scene Eight – Apartment
Frasier opens the door to Niles.

Frasier: Niles.
  Niles: Hello, Frasier.  I thought we could drive over to wine club 
         together.
Frasier: Actually, I'm thinking about not going.
  Niles: Why not?
Frasier: Niles, truth be told, my enthusiasm for the wine club has 
         started to turn.
  Niles: I know what you mean!  It used to be the wine club.  Now it's 
         just the teasing people club.
Frasier: Then let's not go.
  Niles: Well, they'll put our names in the Absent bottle, we'll have 
         to bring the crackers next time.
Frasier: What if there's no next time?
  Niles: What do you mean?
Frasier: Niles, those people don't care about wine.
  Niles: Not the way you and I do, no!
Frasier: So what's preventing us from starting a whole new club from 
         scratch?
  Niles: We could really get back to basics!
Frasier: Something that's just about wine!  And a clear constitutional 
         procedure for enjoying it!
  Niles: Yes, only maybe this time the governing body could be 
         bicameral!
Frasier: Well, I don't know, Niles, there is something to be said for
         the parliamentary system!
  Niles: Well, either way we have to have a strong judiciary to keep 


         it in check.
Frasier: God, I love wine.

END OF ACT TWO

Credits: 

Apartment:
Frasier and Niles are busy planning their new wine club.  Frasier has 
even penned a charter on Constitutional parchment, with a quill pen.

Niles has an idea that he wants to show Frasier.  He goes to the couch 
and brings back a medal on a ribbon that looks suspiciously identical 
to his old Corkmaster one.  Frasier wants to see it, but Niles won't 
give it up.  They start to fight over it.

Martin comes out of the kitchen angry.  He takes a pair of scissors 
and cuts the ribbon in half, leaving Frasier with the medal and Niles 
with the ribbon.  After he leaves, Frasier and Niles guiltily trade 
off, and are happy at last.

Guest Appearances

 Guest Starring
 JENNIFER COOLIDGE as Frederika
 EDWARD HIBBERT as Gil Chesterton
 CHARLES CIOFFI as Endicott 
 DAVID NORO as Lance
 JONATHAN McMURTRY as Reynolds
 RICHARD STRETCHBERRY as Hefflewhite

 and
 TOM McGOWAN as Kenny

 

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2001 by Mike Lee. This episode 
 summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


