
[8.20]The Wizard and Roz

The Wizard and Roz                    Written by Saladin K. Patterson
                                             Directed by Sheldon Epps
=====================================================================
Production Code: 8.20
Episode Number In Production Order: 192
Filmed: March 27, 2001
Original Airdate on NBC: 8th May 2001
Transcript written on 15th May 2001

Transcript {David Langley}

Act 1

Scene 1 - Frasier's Apartment

Fade in.  Frasier is sitting at the dining table, reading.  Daphne and
Niles come in the front, wearing athletic clothes.

 Daphne: Hello
  Niles: Hey.
Frasier: Ah, the weekend warriors have returned.
 Daphne: Yeah.  You better watch out, Dr. Crane, I'm getting pretty
         good at kickboxing.

She does a high kick at him.

  Niles: It's true.  She hits so hard they're calling her "The British
         Pound."
 Daphne: You hit pretty hard yourself there, "Nails." [She kisses him.] 
         I'm going to hop in the shower.

She heads for her room.

Frasier: "Nails"?
  Niles: Oh, you scratch one guy... Oh, my electrolytes are plummeting.  
         Care to join me in a sherry?
Frasier: Ah, actually, I'd love to, Niles, but I'm off to see Dr.
         Tewksbury.

He gets up and puts the book away.

  Niles: Oh, I didn't realize your mentor was still in town.
Frasier: Yes, and because of it, I've been the fortunate recipient of 
         some informal therapy.  It's really been quite enlightening.  
         You know, I consider myself lucky to be in the hands of such 
         a master.
  Niles: Well, I'm happy for you, Frasier.  He is a gifted psychiatrist, 
         even if I don't share your god-like worship of him.
Frasier: Oh, I simply have a healthy respect for the man, Niles.  
         It's hardly worship.
  Niles: Oh, please.  You're one step away from seeing his image appear 
         in a tortilla.

Daphne comes hurrying from her room in her bathrobe.


 Daphne: Niles, thank heavens you're still here!
  Niles: What's wrong?
 Daphne: You can't go to Nervosa today.
  Niles: Why not?
 Daphne: I just had a psychic vision that something bad's going to
         happen to you.
  Niles: Oh, come on, Daphne...
 Daphne: Niles, I'm serious!  I know you don't believe in visions, 
         but it's important to me.  Promise me you won't go.
  Niles: All right, if it means that much to you, I won't go.  I'll go
         straight home.
 Daphne: Thank you.  I feel much better. [She gives him a kiss.] I'll
         see you later.

She heads to her room again.  Frasier opens the door and Niles turns
to leave with him.

Frasier: Wow, that was scary.
  Niles: Don't tell me you believe in that stuff...
Frasier: No, I meant the way she can manipulate you like that.
  Niles: Oh, please, I was just being diplomatic.
Frasier: Tell me, is it difficult to kickbox without a spine?
  Niles: You’re gonna find out.

They exit.  FADE OUT.

Scene 2 - Cafe Nervosa

Fade in.  Frasier is sitting at a table, drinking coffee and reading.
Roz comes in with some bags.

    Roz: Hello, Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, hi, Roz.  Oh, been on a shopping spree, I see.
    Roz: Yes, Alice is been visiting her grandmother for the week.
         So, I finally have some time to myself.  I tell you, it's
         great shopping without her pulling down a display rack.  Not
         only that, I actually woke up today without someone jumping
         on the bed and sticking her little fingers up my nose.
Frasier: Yes.
    Roz: And I didn't have to spend half the morning combing knots out
         of that little girl's curls...
Frasier: [hands her his cell phone] Give Alice my love.
    Roz: [getting up] Thank you, I will.

Roz goes off to make her call.  Niles steps into the doorway.

  Niles: Psst, Frasier.  Can you get me a latte?
Frasier: Why don't you just get it yourself, Niles?  Oh, that's right:
         it's bad moogambo for you to enter.
  Niles: You know I promised Daphne.
Frasier: [rising] Yes, yes, and woe betide he who disobeyeth the oracle!
  Niles: All right, all right, wait.  Maybe if I get it to go, and
         don't sit down, I won't actually be breaking my promise to
         Daphne.
Frasier: Step aside everybody, big set of onions coming through!

Niles gives him a dark look as he steps to the counter.

  Niles: Latte to go, please.

Frasier sits back down.  Dr. Tewksbury comes in.


Tewksbury: Hello, Frasier.
  Frasier: Dr. Tewksbury.  Well, gosh, this is quite a surprise.  What
           are you doing here?
Tewksbury: Well, I've heard you mention how good their coffee is here,
           I thought I'd give it a try.  May I join you?

As he sits, Roz and Niles both come over.

  Frasier: Oh, yes, of course.  I'm terribly sorry.  Oh, Roz, meet Dr.
           Tewksbury.  Dr. Tewksbury, this is my producer Roz Doyle.
           And my brother Niles.  Niles, Dr. Tewksbury.
    Niles: Hello, how do you do?
Tewksbury: I don't believe we've ever met, but I seem to recall
           reading a fascinating paper of yours recently.

Niles seems flattered and reaches for a chair.

    Niles: Oh, yes, it was probably the one about phobias.  Oh, can't
           sit, can't sit.
  Frasier: It's a long story.  Anyway, Dr. Tewksbury, I was just 
           wondering, did you happen to read the article on behavior
           modification in...
Tewksbury: Now, Frasier, let's not talk shop.  You don't want to bore
           Roz.
      Roz: Oh, it's all just white noise to me, now. [Tewksbury laughs]
  Frasier: Yes, all right.  Niles, please, would you stop hovering and
           please sit down?
    Niles: All right.  What could it hurt?

He sits down just as Daphne comes in the door.

 Daphne: Niles!
  Niles: Daphne!

He jumps up, banging his knee on the table.

 Daphne: How could you come down here?  You broke your promise!
  Niles: And my patella!
 Daphne: Well, nothing bad would have happened if you'd paid attention
         to my premonition!
  Niles: Well, actually, nothing bad would have happened if you hadn't
         shown up.
 Daphne: Well, it wouldn't have not happened had I not shown up.
  Niles: Well, it wouldn't not have happened if you hadn't not shown
         up!
 Daphne: And I wouldn't have shown up had I not known that you wouldn't
         have been able to not come down here!
  Niles: Well, I'm not... not... not... what?
 Daphne: My point exactly!  You don't listen.

She rushes out. Niles tries to follow her but stops from the pain.

    Niles: Daphne!
  Frasier: Niles, Niles, you all right?
    Niles: Oh, no, I've aggravated my old bossa nova injury.
  Frasier: Well, perhaps I better drive you.  I'm sorry, Dr. Tewksbury.
Tewksbury: I understand.  
  Frasier: Bye, Roz.
      Roz: Bye! 

Frasier helps Niles out the door.

Tewksbury: Well, what was that all about?


      Roz: Well, she thinks she's psychic, but he doesn't believe her.
Tewksbury: Well, no matter who's right or wrong, Niles needs to set up 
           stricter boundaries with his patients.  I learned that from 
           years of practice.
      Roz: No, no.  She's not his patient, she's his girlfriend.
Tewksbury: Oh, well in that case, no matter who's right or wrong, 
           HE's wrong.  I learned that from years of marriage.

Roz laughs.  FADE OUT.

DON'T FORGET

THE GEIGER COUNTER

AND THE DIVINING ROD

Scene 3 - Frasier's Apartment

Fade in.  Niles is on the couch, Frasier is by the bookcase.

Frasier: Is there anything I can get you, Niles?  Perhaps a cold pack,
         perhaps?
  Niles: No, no.  If Daphne ever comes out of her room, I'll just use
         her icy stare.  Frasier, if you don't mind, I'm going to have
         to cancel on the opera tonight.
Frasier: Oh, Niles, you know I hate going to the opera alone.
         Throwing a woman's shawl over the seat next to me and
         glancing expectantly back at the ladies room all night.
  Niles: You do that?
Frasier: No!
  Niles: Hey, why don't you ask Dr. Tewksbury if he'd like to go?
Frasier: Oh, no.
  Niles: Oh, come on.  Ever since his divorce I'm sure he's anxious
         to get out of the house.
Frasier: Well, we're in a quasi-therapeutic relationship right now.
         Truth be told, I was actually a little uncomfortable
         socializing with him at Nervosa.
  Niles: Oh, I understand.  You don't want to see the wizard behind
         the curtain.  Everyone needs an idol, someone who represents
         a higher plateau of truth and knowledge.
Frasier: Very insightful, Niles.  For so many years I must have
         represented that plateau to you.
  Niles: Thank you, Frasier, laughter is indeed the best medicine.

They share a chuckle.  Daphne comes in from her room.
 
  Niles: [rising] Oh, Daphne.  My knee's feeling much better.
 Daphne: [deadpan] Oh, good.

She goes into the kitchen.

  Niles: Well I hope she doesn't expect me to run in there after her.
Frasier: Good for you, Niles!
  Niles: With this knee I can only hobble.

And he proceeds to hobble in there after her.  

Reset to: the kitchen as he enters.

  Niles: Daphne, I'm sorry.
 Daphne: Are you sorry for breaking your promise or for not believing
         me?
  Niles: I'm sorry for breaking my promise.
 Daphne: So you still don't believe I had a premonition?


  Niles: Well, it wasn't a premonition...
 Daphne: It certainly was!  I told you if you went to Nervosa, something 
         bad would happen, and you hurt your knee.  What more proof do 
         you need?
  Niles: Something a little more scientific than that, I'm afraid.
 Daphne: You need scientific proof?  Well, I think we can do something
         about that.
  Niles: What do you mean?
 Daphne: There are people around who do this sort of research.
  Niles: Are those people here now?

He smiles and she smacks his arm.

 Daphne: No!  I'm talking about legitimate professionals.
  Niles: All right, all right.  But it has to be a real scientist.  
         Not some huckster who comes here with crystals and a ghost-
         o-meter.
 Daphne: As long as you have an open mind.  And it's pronounced
         "ghost-ah-meters".
  Niles: I'm glad we worked this out.
 Daphne: Me too.
  Niles: And now that we've made up, maybe we could...

He grins suggestively.

 Daphne: Well, I guess we know who's not psychic.

She walks out as Niles bemoans another lost moment.  FADE OUT.

THE DOCTOR MAKES

A HOUSE CALL

Scene 4 - Roz's Apartment – a few days later

Fade in.  There is a knock at the door.  Roz, in her nightgown and
robe, opens the door to reveal Frasier.

    Roz: Frasier!  I thought you were the pizza guy.
Frasier: I thought we were writing promos tonight.  You forgot, didn't
         you?
    Roz: NO!  Yes.  I'm sorry.

Dr. Tewksbury comes in from the other room wearing one of Roz's short
silk robes.

Tewksbury: Pizza!  We're gonna have pizza!  We... [stops and puts on 
           his glasses] Frasier!  Hello.  What are you doing here?
  Frasier: Oh, just, ah... wearing clothes.
Tewksbury: Oh, right.
      Roz: Frasier brought over some work from the office.
Tewksbury: Ah.  I'll just... go get dressed.

He hurries off to the other room.  Roz turns back to Frasier.

Frasier: I've gone blind.  And ten seconds too late.  So, since when
         have you and Dr. Tewksbury been seeing each other?
    Roz: Well, uh, the other day at Nervosa we really hit it off after
         you left and he asked me out for dinner and... we've been out
         every night since.
Frasier: Really?  Well, I must say I'm a bit surprised.
    Roz: Why?  He's smart, very insightful. and he's such a great
         listener.


Frasier: Yes, well, I'm happy for you, Roz.  It's just a little
         difficult imagining the two of you together.
    Roz: You don't think I can appreciate a sophisticated man?  You
         know, it's not just about sex for me, Frasier.

Dr. Tewksbury comes back in.

Tewksbury: Uh, do you have a stepladder?  My pants are stuck in the
           ceiling fan.

Roz and Frasier share a look and, realizing neither is really the
winner, Frasier walks off and Roz closes the door.  FADE OUT.

Scene 5 - Dr. Tewksbury's Office

Fade in.  Frasier is settling down with Dr. Tewksbury for a session.

Tewksbury: Frasier, listen.  Before we begin, I hope it wasn't too
           awkward seeing me with Roz last night.
  Frasier: Not at all.  Well, it was just a little... jarring to see 
           you out of context that way.  But your personal life is 
           your business.  Speaking of which, let's, let's get down 
           to business: The Crane mind!
Tewksbury: Yes, let us.

Looking at Dr. Tewksbury, Frasier gets a flash of him in Roz's robe.

Tewksbury: Now, last time we had just broached the subject of your
           father's expectations and their effect on your early 
           adulthood.

Frasier tries to control his upset at the image of the robed doctor,
unsuccessfully.  He grows more uncomfortable as Tewksbury sits on the
desk and puts a hand behind his head.

Tewksbury: As we know, the internalization of a parent's moral code is 
           crucial to the development of a superego.  And considering 
           the strict nature of your father's strictness...  Frasier, 
           is everything all right?

Frasier again sees Tewksbury in his suit.

  Frasier: Yes, yes, of course.  Please, continue.
Tewksbury: Well you must admit that having a father whose very job 
           is the enforcement of the moral code, would lead to an 
           overdeveloped superego.

As he leans across the desk, the image of him in the robe once again
appears to Frasier.

Tewksbury: I believe I have a paper on this subject.

He goes to a filing cabinet and leans down to the bottom drawer,
making Frasier VERY uncomfortable.

Tewksbury: It's right here.

Frasier tries to look away and back, but the image won't go away.
FADE OUT.

End of Act 1

Act 2


Scene 1 - Frasier's Apartment

Fade in.  Martin is sitting in his chair, reading.  Frasier comes in
the front door.

Frasier: Oh, hey, Dad.
 Martin: Hey.
Frasier: How was your day?
 Martin: Why don't you just tell me what happened to you?
Frasier: What are you talking about?
 Martin: Well, you know how my day goes: play with Eddie, watch TV,
         do my stretches.  You only ask so I'll ask you about your
         day, so I'm askin'.
Frasier: I am hurt.  You're my father, of course I care about your day.

He sits on the couch.

 Martin: Oh, well, uh, I played with Eddie, watched TV, did my 
         stretches.
Frasier: Oh, good.
 Martin: So, how was...
Frasier: I just came from Dr. Tewksbury.  Throughout the entire session, 
         I just couldn't focus on anything he was saying.
 Martin: Wasn't he talkin' about you?
Frasier: Yes, yes, but recently I saw him in... well, a less than
         dignified light.  And ever since, I've just found it
         impossible to take him seriously.
 Martin: I know exactly what you're talking about.  In Korea, I had
         this commanding officer, Lieutenant Franks.  I would have
         followed that guy into the gates of hell.  I saw him a few
         years later, he was flippin' hamburgers in a fast food place.
         That was hard to handle.  I mean this guy took me under his
         wing and molded me.
Frasier: Like a mentor?
 Martin: Yeah, exactly.  He always used to say that one day he'd be
         takin' orders from me.  I just never thought it'd be for
         extra onions.
Frasier: So how did you handle it?
 Martin: Well, I just realized it was my problem, not his.  And I
         wasn't gonna let it erase all that he'd meant to me.  So 
         I marched right back into that kitchen and saluted him.  
         And after we were talkin' a while, I realized nothin' had 
         changed.  He was still the same hard-chargin' man's man 
         who wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty.  Which is why I 
         never ate there again.

Frasier and Martin share a laugh.  Daphne and Niles come in from 
her room.

  Niles: Uh, if you two don't mind, Daphne's psychic evaluator is on
         the way over and we'd like to use the living room.
 Martin: [rising] Ooh, fine by me.  That stuff creeps me out anyway.
Frasier: Niles I still can't believe you ever agreed to this.  Those
         tests are based on nothing more than subjective evidence and
         lucky guesses.
 Daphne: Yes, nothing at all like the subjective evidence and lucky
         guesses psychiatry is based on.
 Martin: [smugly] Thank you.

He goes off to his room.

  Niles: Don't worry, I will thoroughly appraise the examiner and his
         testing methods.


The doorbell rings.

Frasier: Good luck.

He leaves.

  Niles: That'll be him.

Niles opens the door.  The researcher is there.

  Niles: Come in.  I'm Dr. Niles Crane, this is Daphne Moon.
 Daphne: Hello.
  Morey: Hello, I'm Dr. Sheldon Morey.
  Niles: Oh, doctor?  Doctor of...?
  Morey: Spookology! [then] Kidding.  That's just what most people 
         expect.  Actually I'm a professor of psychiatry at Seattle 
         University.
  Niles: Really?  Please, have a seat.
  Morey: Thank you.
  Niles: So, hmm, you're more of a debunker.
  Morey: Well, no, not at all.  Actually, I apply scientific principles
         to the search for paranormal phenomena.  Believe me, nothing
         would make me happier than discovering a legitimate psychic.

He sits.

  Niles: Oh, so, then you've never found one.
  Morey: Well, if by "psychic" you mean people with above-normal
         prescience, then a few.  If you mean somebody who could 
         beat the house in Vegas, then no.  I thought I had one 
         for a while, but, uh... no.
  Niles: So, Daphne, do you still want to go through with this?
 Daphne: I'm ready if you are.
  Niles: All right, Doctor, she's all yours.
  Morey: Great.  Now, I've got a card...
 Daphne: Ace of spades!
  Morey: ...with my office and fax number on it.
 Daphne: And your address!
  Morey: Correct.

He hands the card to Niles.  

DISSOLVE TO: later, 

Daphne and Morey are at the dining table and he's giving her a standard 
test with cards.

 Daphne: Star...  Circle.
  Morey: And finally?
 Daphne: Circle.
  Morey: That's it.  That was your final test.
 Daphne: And I'm psychic, right?
  Morey: Well, first we have to compare your results to those of the
         rest of the control group.  It'll just take me a few minutes
         to run these numbers, okay?

Daphne gets up and goes over to Niles.

  Niles: So?  How do you think you did?
 Daphne: I think I did pretty well on the cards.  The premonition test
         was a little tricky, but all in all I was in the zone.
  Niles: Well, we'll soon find out.


  Morey: You know, Daphne, I'm always curious: when was it that you
         first suspected you had psychic ability?
 Daphne: Oh, years ago, when I was a little girl.  Grammy Moon first 
         saw the gift in me.  See, I was a girl in a house full of 
         boys, which I hated, until Grammy told me that only Moon women
         had second sight.  She had it, her mother had it and so on.
         After that, I noticed I could sense things before they
         happened, sort of like a secret power.  Anyway, it's just
         always been a part of who I am.
  Morey: I see.  Well, we have your results.
 Daphne: All right.  I don't know why I'm a bit nervous.
  Morey: So, Daphne, from what I see here...
  Niles: Wait, uh...  Wait.  I don't think we should this, I don't want
         to know.
 Daphne: What do you mean?
  Niles: I'm sorry, I think this was a bad idea.
 Daphne: Well, I thought you wanted scientific proof.
  Niles: I changed my mind.  I don't need a stranger telling me...
         anything about who you are.  I want us to get to know each
         other on our own.  Over time.
 Daphne: I knew you were going to say that!
  Niles: You did?
 Daphne: No, but I loved hearing it.

She kisses him.

 Daphne: I'm sorry, Dr. Morey, we wasted your time.
  Morey: It's okay.  The dog told me a couple of funny jokes while we
         were waiting.

Niles and Daphne look unsure about this.

  Morey: I'm kidding.  They weren't that funny.

Daphne and Niles aren't quite sure how to react.  FADE OUT.

THE BIG CITY PROVES

TOO MUCH FOR PETERSON

Scene 2 - Tewksbury's Office

Fade in.  Frasier is again sitting in front of Tewksbury's desk,
receiving analysis.

Tewksbury: All right, Frasier, let's start with our last session.  
           As I recall, you were having difficulty getting rid of 
           a certain image in your mind?
  Frasier: That is correct.
Tewksbury: Well, perhaps we should confront that.

He pulls out the robe.

  Frasier: Oh, dear lord, I assumed that was Roz's.
Tewksbury: It is.  I was at her apartment this morning, I started
           thinking about your issue with the robe, and I decided 
           to bring it with me. [He puts the robe on.] Now Frasier,
           you consider me a competent psychiatrist, don't you?
  Frasier: Of course I do.
Tewksbury: Does seeing me dressed like this diminish that?
  Frasier: No, of course not.  It's just, well... I know, on a conscious 
           level, that the garment does not change who you are.  But 
           on, on an unconscious level, I'm all weirded out!  You're 


           my mentor, and you're wearing Roz's robe.
Tewksbury: I'm still the same person.
  Frasier: Yes, but, it's Roz's robe.
Tewksbury: And what does Roz's robe signify to you?

Tewksbury begins to pace.

  Frasier: Roz.
Tewksbury: Then maybe this isn't about you and me.  Maybe this is
           about your relationship with Roz.

While Tewksbury's back is turned, a student comes in the door.

Tewksbury: Seeing me dressed like this brings up deep feelings.  Don't
           be afraid of those feelings, go with them. [He notices the
           student.] Ah, Peterson.  Here for your make-up test?
 Peterson: I was.  But I'll just take the D.

He leaves.  Frasier and Tewksbury both realize there's not a lot they
can say.  

FADE OUT.

Scene 3 - Roz's Apartment

Fade in.  There is a knock at the door, Roz answers it to reveal
Frasier.

    Roz: Oh, Frasier.
Frasier: You got a minute?
    Roz: We're not supposed to be working, are we?  'Cause I'm kinda
         busy right now.
Frasier: It's not about work.
    Roz: Oh, come on in.

He enters.

    Roz: Have a seat.
Frasier: Thanks.

They sit on the couch.

Frasier: Listen, uh, something's been troubling me ever since I saw
         Dr. Tewksbury in your robe and, uh, at first I thought it was
         about the toppling of a hero, but I've since discovered that
         it's really about you.
    Roz: Let me guess: I'm not good enough for your precious mentor.
Frasier: No, that's not it, Roz.  Uh...  When you were describing what
         attracted you to Dr. Tewksbury, I couldn't help thinking
         "That very well could have been me."
    Roz: So?
Frasier: So, Roz, I've known you for, what, eight years now.  And in
         that time I've seen you date hundreds of...
    Roz: Careful!
Frasier: All right, dozens of men.  Yet you never showed any interest
         in me.  Well, except for that one drunken flirtation at the
         station retreat.

The laugh at the memory.

Frasier: Well, anyway, I assumed it was because I wasn't your type.
         Then I see you drawn to someone who's similar to me.
    Roz: You're jealous?


Frasier: Well, no, not jealous, not exactly.  It's more along the
         lines of "Why everybody else and not me?"
    Roz: Frasier, did you ever stop to think there may be something
         special about not being picked?
Frasier: Roz, that didn't work when I was cut from pee-wee football,
         it's not gonna work now.
    Roz: Okay, I'll be honest with you.  When we first started working
         together, I had a little crush on you.
Frasier: Really?
    Roz: Yeah, sure.  I mean, you were handsome and sophisticated and
         you had your French suits and your Italian shoes...
Frasier: Actually, it was vice-versa, but go on, go on.
    Roz: But you were coming off this divorce, and you were my boss,
         and the whole thing was just too weird, so I never acted on
         it.
Frasier: And you were right.  You were.  Anyway, it's nice to know how
         you felt.  Thanks.
    Roz: Sure.

They hug.

Frasier: So, just for the record, though: you did have the hots for
         me?
    Roz: Yes, yes.
Frasier: You're not just saying that?
    Roz: No.  But, can you imagine the two of us together?
Frasier: Oh, gosh, no. [rising] Strange idea, isn't it?
    Roz: Really strange.
Frasier: Gosh, it's really hard to picture, isn't it?  Of course, I
         mean, it wouldn't be your problem.  It would be all me, trust
         me, all me.  I mean, you're a perfectly wonderful person.
    Roz: What are you doing?
Frasier: Well, I'm just saying how great you are.
    Roz: No, you're giving me the "It's not you, it's me" speech.  If
         anyone should be giving that speech, it's me, not you.
Frasier: Well, whatever you have to tell yourself, Roz.
    Roz: All right, get out!
Frasier: Sounds to me like somebody still has a soft spot for the ol'
         boss man.
    Roz: OUT!

She pushes him out and slams the door.  FADE OUT.

Credits:

Roz is sitting with Tewksbury on her couch, he's in her robe again.
She hands him a gift bag.  Looking in, he pulls out a nice man's robe.
He thanks her, then sets it aside and goes back to watching television
in her robe.  Roz seems a bit disturbed by this.

Guest Appearances

 Special Guest Stars
 RENE AUBERJONOIS as Dr. Tewksbury
 FISHER STEVENS as Dr. Morey

 Guest Starring
 BENJAMIN STEPHENS as Peterson

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2001 by David Langley. This episode
 summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 



