
[9.24]Moons Over Seattle

Moons Over Seattle                             Written by Brian Daily
                                             Directed by Sheldon Epps
=====================================================================
Production Code: 9.24
Episode Number In Production Order: 215
Filmed on: 19th March 2002
Original Airdate on NBC: 21st May 2002
Transcript written on 9th June 2002
Transcript revised on 27th April 2004

Mum

Gertrude Moon has appeared in the following episodes:
[7.24] Something Borrowed, Someone Blue [2]
[9.12] Mother Load [1]
[9.13] Mother Load [2]
[9.15] The Proposal
[9.23] The Guilt Trippers

AWARDS & NOMINATIONS

Nominated

EMMY

•  Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series: Brian Cox

Transcript {David Langley}

Act 1

1:57 P.M. MANCHESTER TIME

Scene 1 - Ray's Pub, Manchester
Fade in.  The same pub Niles was thrown out of before.  Harry Moon is
sitting at a table.  Niles comes in, a handkerchief over his face, and
walks over to him.  Putting it away, he composes himself.

  Niles: Mr. Moon?
  Harry: You again!  Didn't I toss you out of here last night?
  Niles: Six times.  But if you'll just give me a minute to...
  Harry: [rising] Gentlemen, this lad has traveled all the way from
         America to reunite me with my wife.

The crowd makes ugly noises as Harry grabs Niles and prepares to toss
him out yet again.


  Niles: [loudly] Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!  You never gave me a
         chance to buy a round of drinks!

The crowd changes its tune, calling for Niles to be let in after all.
Harry drags Niles over to the bar.

  Harry: All right, the usual, Ray.  Start talking.  You got one pint.

Ray hands him a pint and he starts drinking as Niles puts money down.
He quickly consults some handwritten notes, then begins.

  Niles: Mr. Moon, a great man once wrote that "The opposite of love is
         not hate, but indifference."

Harry has been drinking the whole time and finishes it off.

  Harry: Done.  Get out!
  Niles: Mr. Moon, Mr. Moon, your wife, your wife is miserable without
         you.  I think you should give her a second chance.  After all,
         you were married for forty years.
  Harry: Forty years too long!  Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm late for
         work.
  Niles: Sorry.

Harry walks over to a table where a young couple is sitting.  He leans
over to the woman.

  Harry: Hallo, aren't you a pretty thing?  Fancy a roll in the hay?

The young man jumps up.

    Man: No one talks to my woman that way!

He punches Harry in the stomach, leaving him doubled over and gasping
in pain as Niles looks on in shock.

    Man: [to his girlfriend] Let's go!

They get up and leave.  But after the woman clears the door, the man
hurries back over to Harry and hands him a note.

    Man: Here's a tenner, Harry.  Hope I didn't hurt you.
  Harry: All in the line of duty.  Good luck to you, she's a nice bit
         of skirt.
    Man: Ta.

The man heads out the door as Harry goes back to the bar.  Niles,
dumbfounded, comes up behind him.

  Harry: Same again, Ray.
  Niles: What was that?
  Harry: My job.  I let lads give me a thumpin' to impress their dates.
         I tell you it's a cake walk compared to being married to
         Gertrude.  At least when these lads hit me, they hold
         something back.

Ray hands him his brew.

  Niles: Mr. Moon, you wouldn't recognize your wife.  She's mellowed.
  Harry: You're wasting your breath.
  Niles: All right, all right, forget about your wife for a minute.
         Think about your daughter.  She's heartbroken.
  Harry: My Daphne?


  Niles: Yes, yes, the separation is tearing her apart.  If you care
         about her, come back to Seattle with me and talk to your wife.
         If you don't patch things up, at least your only daughter will
         know you cared enough to try.
  Harry: Well, you know, I'd love to see my baby girl again.  But I
         can't afford to travel across the Atlantic whenever I please.
  Niles: Oh, I would pay for the ticket, of course.
  Harry: I can't have you buying me a first-class ticket to America!

Niles notes the assumed grandiosity, but shrugs it off.

  Niles: I insist!
  Harry: All right.  For Daphne.  You know, you're lucky you caught me
         on a light work week.  Oh, here's my two o'clock now.

He walks over to another young couple sitting at a table.

  Harry: Hallo.  Aren't you a pretty thing?

Niles just watches this, a fascinated yet disturbed look on his face.

FADE OUT

Scene 2 - Cafe Nervosa
Fade in.  Roz is sitting at a table near the counter.  Frasier gets
a coffee.

Frasier: Mind if I join you, Roz?
    Roz: Oh, please.  You can help me kill some time.  Roger's picking
         up his things from my apartment and I don't want to run into
         him.
Frasier: [sitting] Ah.  Afraid you'll fight?
    Roz: Worse.  I'm afraid we'll end up in bed.  I don't know,
         there's something about him that is irresistible.
Frasier: I understand.
    Roz: Trust me, you don't.  Roger is the best lover I've ever been
         with.

Frasier looks miffed but keeps fiddling with his coffee.

    Roz: Oh, my God, what am I saying?  You were great too!
Frasier: Roz, really, there's no need to do this.
    Roz: It's just that I forgot and, well, technically it wasn't
         really sex because it was you, but whatever it was, it was
         great!
Frasier: Roz, please, there's no need to discuss it.
    Roz: I was one satisfied customer.
Frasier: Glad to hear it.

Roz grabs a card from the table.

    Roz: Oh, here, let's pretend this comment card is about you.
Frasier: Roz, please, there is no need to do that.  All right, if you
         insist.  Just remember that it was late at night and I am
         really more of a morning person.

Roz takes a pencil and quickly fills it out.

    Roz: [handing it to him] Here you go.
Frasier: Let's see.  High marks for courtesy and neatness of appearance, 
         that's good.  You were served in a prompt and timely manner.
    Roz: Absolutely.
Frasier: Now, I see here that you're not planning a return visit.


    Roz: Only because we agreed.  I mean, as you can see, I will highly 
         recommend you to friends and family members.
Frasier: Well, that was very kind of you, Roz, thank you.  Would you
         like me to fill one out for you?
    Roz: No.  I think you made your opinion clear when you screamed
         "Outstanding!"

Frasier laughs self-consciously.  

FADE TO:

Scene 3 - Frasier's Apartment
Fade in.  Frasier and Niles come in the front with Harry.

  Harry: Oh, thanks for a tour of your city, lads.  Now, where's your
         loo?  I need to splash me boots.

Frasier opens the door to the powder room and Harry goes in.  Frasier
gives Niles a look.

  Niles: It's just an expression.  Or so I've chosen to believe.

He takes off his coat and hangs it up.  Frasier goes to sit on the 
couch.

Frasier: Niles, are you and Daphne planning on having children?
  Niles: Someday, why?
Frasier: No reason.

Niles goes to get some sherry.

  Niles: Now, all I have to do is stash Mr. Moon at my place, pick up
         Daphne and her mom at the airport, then get them all together,
         and lay the groundwork for a reconciliation.

Martin comes in the front in his security uniform.

 Martin: Hey, guys.
Frasier: Oh, hi, Dad.  How was work?

Niles hands Frasier his sherry.

 Martin: Great.  I finally busted that guy who was writing "Seymour
         Buttes" on the sign-out sheets.
Frasier: So, who was it?
 Martin: Senior Vice-President Buttes.  I'm on probation for a week.

Harry comes out of the powder room and sees Martin.

  Harry: Good God, you American police are persistent. [He pulls
         something from his pocket.] I suppose you're looking for
         this.
 Martin: [taking it, confused] A Space Needle snow globe?
  Harry: I meant to pay for it.  I put it in me pocket, but between
         there and the register, I forgot about it.  Why don't you take
         it back?
  Niles: Mr. Moon, I think you're mistaken.  This is our father, he
         works as a security guard.
 Martin: Yeah, Marty Crane.  How do you do?
  Harry: Oh, Harold Moon.

They shake.


 Martin: Oh yeah, you did a terrific job bringing up your daughter.
  Harry: Well, you know, you do your best.  I'll be needing that back,
         then.

Martin hands him the snow globe and he puts it back in his pocket.

Frasier: [rising] Harry, let me get you a beer.
  Harry: Oh, get a man a beer, he drinks for five minutes; teach 'im
         where they are, he drinks all day.

He follows Frasier into the kitchen.

  Niles: Oh, Dad, Dad, I need you to do me a favor.  Mr. Moon is a
         little bit reluctant about getting back together with his
         wife.
 Martin: Huh, can you blame him?
  Niles: It occurs to me, there's no woman so attractive than the one
         some other guy seems to be attracted to.  So...
 Martin: No way!
  Niles: But-but-but-but... it would mean a lot to Daphne.  And, it'll 
         get Mrs. Moon out of the country.
 Martin: Well, if it means a lot to Daphne.

Harry and Frasier come back in from the kitchen.

 Martin: Well, she's a hell of a woman, your Gertrude.  I don't blame
         you for comin' over here to fight for her.
  Harry: Really?  What's so great about her?
 Martin: Well, you know.  I mean, like I have to tell you...  The whole
         package.  She's got... hair... skin...  Et cetera.  And she's
         a good little drinker.

He turns to go to his room.

  Niles: Dad, Dad, why just last week you were commenting on her
         twinkly eyes and her sunny smile.
 Martin: Definitely.  Yes, I was.  Yeah they sure don't make women like
         that in America. [to Eddie] Come on, boy.

He and Eddie head off to his room.

  Harry: Wait a minute.  I think I know what's goin' on here.  The dog,
         the cane...  He's lost his vision, hasn't he?

Frasier can only nod in defeat.  

FADE TO:

Scene 4 - Niles' Apartment
Fade in.  Gertrude Moon, Daphne and Niles come in the front.  Gertrude
sits on the couch, still talking.

Gertrude: And then, she drags me to another luau.  Where I come from,
          you bury a dead pig because it's diseased, not because
          you're going to dig it up and eat it.
   Niles: Yes, well, Hawaii's not for everyone.  Things may be looking
          up.  I have a surprise.
  Daphne: Oh, a surprise.  I hope it's not another trip, darling, or
          I might just have to kill you in your sleep.

Harry shouts from the other room then rushes to the landing holding
a pair of Niles' shoes.


   Harry: Niles, good news!  Our feet are the same size!
  Daphne: Daddy!  I knew you'd come!

Harry drops the shoes and runs down the stairs to embrace Daphne.

   Harry: Hello, Stilts!  Ah, give your old dad a kiss!
  Daphne: Mum, look who's here, all the way from England!
   Harry: Hallo, Gert.
Gertrude: "Hallo, Gert"?  That's all you have to say for yourself?
          For forty years I've been a good wife to you, raising your
          children and boiling your meals and letting you work off
          your animal lusts and all I get for my trouble is a cheery
          "Hallo, Gert"?!  Well your fatal charm is not going to work
          this time, so you can just drag your sorry arse back to that
          barstool it normally sags over and leave me the hell alone!

She stomps off to the guest room, but turns back at the hallway.

Gertrude: [cheerily] Thank you, Niles, that was a nice surprise.

She leaves, slamming the door of her room when she gets there.

   Harry: You're right.  She has mellowed.
  Daphne: See?  And I'm sure if you just give her a little more time,
          everything will work out.
   Harry: I gave it me best shot.  I'm going to go pack.
  Daphne: Daddy...

He hurries off upstairs.

  Daphne: I don't understand.  He came all this way and he's just going
          to give up?
   Niles: Well, actually, he didn't even want to come.  I sort of... 
          flew to England and persuaded him.
  Daphne: You what?
   Niles: I wanted to surprise you.
  Daphne: How could you do this without talking to me first?
   Niles: That would've spoiled the surprise?
  Daphne: Niles, I could have flown to England and talked to him, too,
          but I didn't because I know my parents.  When they fight they
          need time apart to miss each other.  And you would have known
          that had you consulted me first!

She heads off to the guest room to see her mother.  Harry comes from
upstairs, stopping to pick up Niles' shoes.

   Harry: I'm off.
   Niles: Mr. Moon, Mr. Moon, wait.  Just stay one more day and spend 
          a little more time with your daughter.  I'll put you up in a
          hotel.
   Harry: I can't let you buy me a suite in a five-star hotel!

Niles again notices the extravagance, but leads him off.  

FADE OUT

End of Act 1

Act 2

Scene 1 – Café Nervosa
Fade in.  Niles is sitting and drinking coffee, but jumps up when
Daphne comes in.


 Daphne: I'm sorry I yelled at you last night.
  Niles: No, no, I'm sorry.  I, I was thinking about it, you were
         absolutely right.  We're a team now and bringing your dad 
         back should have been our joint decision.
 Daphne: Thanks for understanding.  Anyway, what's done is done.  Mum's
         taken her claws out of the ceiling and Dad's headed back to
         England.

They sit.

  Niles: Actually, I convinced him to stay an extra day.  I thought I
         should tell you since we're a team.
 Daphne: You what?
  Niles: Well, I thought you'd want to spend more time with him, plus,
         since they're both in the same city, we can get them together
         tonight.

She gives him a dour look.

  Niles: Or not.  We're a team!  Totally up to you.
 Daphne: I don't know, maybe we should let them work it out for
         themselves.
  Niles: Yeah, or on the other hand maybe our love will inspire them
         and come October, they'll be dancing at our wedding.
 Daphne: That would be wonderful.

Frasier walks in.  Niles and Daphne rise to greet him.

Frasier: Oh, hi, Niles.
  Niles: Hey, Frasier, listen: Daphne and I are taking her parents out 
         to dinner tonight.  Can you get a reservation at Chez Henri?
Frasier: Chez Henri?  Niles, they're booked up months in advance.
  Niles: Well, I know that I wouldn't stand a chance, but I was hoping
         if I cloaked myself in the mantle your greater renown...
Frasier: You should know better than that, Niles, I am NOT susceptible
         to flattery.
  Niles: I know that.  You're the most grounded, down-to-earth person
         I know.
Frasier: Thank you.  I'll make a call.

He sits.  Niles and Daphne leave as Roz comes in.

  Niles: Hey, Roz.
    Roz: Oh, hey, Niles.

They leave and Roz comes over to the table.

    Roz: Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, Roz, Roz.  I wanted to talk to you about this.

He pulls out Roz's "Comment Card" as she sits.

    Roz: Oh, my God, you still have that?
Frasier: Yes, well, I was glancing at it.  I couldn't help but notice
         the overall score you gave me: out of a possible five cups
         of coffee, it was a four.
    Roz: Yeah, that's a good score.
Frasier: It's a fine score.  But it occurs to me that this presents
         an opportunity for me to learn something about my performance
         that might... benefit me.  So, what might I have done to earn
         that elusive fifth cup?
    Roz: Oh, I'm a tough grader.  No one's a five-cupper.


Frasier: Nonetheless, there is a theoretical fifth cup out there.
         Now, I'm going to put ego aside, this is all about self-
         improvement.  My commitment to "sexcellence" if you will.
    Roz: You just lost a cup.
Frasier: Oh, please Roz?
    Roz: All right.  Um, you know that thing you did at the end?
Frasier: At the very end?
    Roz: Just before.
Frasier: I know exactly what you mean.
    Roz: I coulda done without that.
Frasier: Really?  You didn't like that.  Well maybe that's just your
         taste.
    Roz: No.
Frasier: 'Cause I've received high kudos for that in the past.
    Roz: Look, don't take it personally.  It would have been impossible 
         for either one of us to get a perfect score that night, given 
         the circumstances.  We were both tentative, and more than a 
         little vulnerable.
Frasier: That's true.
    Roz: And it was tough to concentrate with the TV blaring away in
         your dad's bedroom.
Frasier: I didn't hear that.
    Roz: Don't you remember?  Sting was on Letterman.  He was talking
         about the rain forest and the plight of the Yanomama Indians.
         It was really sad.   I mean, the whole Orinoco River Valley
         is being forested into extinction.
Frasier: Well... I'm glad my woefully inadequate performance didn't
         distract you from your ecology lesson.  Did Sting happen to
         mention anything about you shaving your legs?  Because that's
         a rain forest that could use some pruning!
    Roz: Frasier!  That is exactly why I didn't want to do this!  
         Forget it.

She grabs the card and tears it up.  Frasier looks embarrassed.
They sit in silence for a few moments.  Roz smiles.

    Roz: You know, you're a very good kisser.
Frasier: No, I'm not.  You are, I'm not.
    Roz: Yes, you are.  Do I need to fill out another card?

She holds one up.

Frasier: Oh, please! [his expression turns hopeful] Would you?

She grabs a pencil and starts.  

FADE TO:

Scene 2 - Chez Henri
Fade in.  Niles, Daphne, Gertrude and Harry come to a table, led by
the owner.

   Henri: We have some magnificent specials this evening.
Gertrude: [as they sit] Just so you know, Henry, I won't eat frogs,
          snails, slugs or eels.  And don't try slippin' 'em under the
          sauce.  I'm on to you people.
   Henri: I shall repeat this to the chef and I'm sure some other
          delightful surprise will find its way onto your plate.

He walks away.

   Niles: Isn't this lovely?  Candlelight, romantic music.  Must take
          you back to the days of your courtship.  Where did you two


          meet?
   Harry: At a soccer riot.  She stopped a Spanish bloke from smashin'
          a chair over me head.
Gertrude: He wasn't Spanish, he was Portuguese.
   Harry: I believe he was Spanish.
Gertrude: Well I believe I know the difference between a bloody 
          Spaniard and a bloody Portuguese!
   Niles: Okay, okay, moving on... Your first date?
   Harry: She had me over for dinner.
Gertrude: Oh, do you remember, I cooked you bubble and squeak.
   Harry: And then we went out, got squiffy and half starkers and
          snogged behind the chippy.

All the Moons break out laughing.

   Niles: You lost me after the word "dinner," but the language of
          love is universal.

[N.B. "bubble and squeak" - a dish of leftover potatoes and vegetables, 
fried up; "squiffy" - drunk or tipsy.]

Gertrude: Listen, we had some good times back then, hey?
   Harry: Oh, you should have seen her, Daphne, she was a real 
          firecracker.
 Daphne: [to Niles] Maybe we should order some champagne.
  Niles: Actually, I brought a very special bottle from home.  It's
         in the car. [getting up] You two, you just keep reminiscing, 
         I'll be right back.

He hurries out. 

CUT TO: the front of the restaurant as he runs along to his car.  
He comes across a man walking his dog.

   Niles: Hello, lovely dog.

The dog gets very friendly with Niles' leg for a moment.  Niles pushes
him off and hits the remote for his trunk.  He grabs a bottle of wine,
closes the trunk and hurries back into the restaurant.  

CUT TO: the dining area, where he finds a small fire started on the 
floor, table and chairs overturned, Daphne holding back Gertrude and 
a waiter holding back Harry.  Needless to say, there is a lot of 
shouting going on.

Gertrude: Take that back!
   Harry: I will not!
  Daphne: Mummy, Daddy, please!
   Niles: What happened to snogging behind the chippy?

Gertrude pull loose from Daphne.

Gertrude: Get out of my country!
   Harry: I can't leave soon enough!

He kicks the waiter in the leg and leans over into Gertrude's face.

   Harry: You're Martin Crane's problem now.
Gertrude: What?
   Harry: Did you think I wouldn't find out about your little fancy
          man?  He says he can't stop thinkin' about ya!
Gertrude: Well, that's because he knows a good thing when he sees it!
   Harry: He can't see anything!


Gertrude: Take me home, Daphne.  I've had enough of this horrid man!

They head out, Gertrude sobbing.

   Niles: Wait!  Now that the lines of communication are open...
  Daphne: Oh, leave it alone Niles!  Come on, Mum....

They leave as Niles turns to survey the damage of the evening. 

FADE TO:

Scene 3 - Frasier's Apartment
Fade in.  Martin is on the phone.

 Martin: No, Gertrude, I never said I had a thing for you... No, I'm 
         not playing hard to get... Yes, I guess if I was playing hard 
         to get, I'd say that I wasn't, but I'm not.

Frasier comes from his room, talking on his cell phone.

Frasier: Henri, you can't ban me from your bistro!  It's my chez away
         from chez! ...Very well.  Goodbye, Henri.
 Martin: Goodbye, Gertrude.

They both hang up as the doorbell rings.

 Martin: Great, I cheated death in Korea for this!

Frasier opens the door.  It is Niles and Harry.

  Niles: Hello.
Frasier: [darkly] Hello.
  Niles: I see word travels fast.
  Harry: Is Daphne here?
 Martin: No, she's not back from taking her mother home.
  Harry: Oh, well... I was hoping to see her before I left.  I guess
         I'll leave her a note, then.
  Niles: Mr. Moon, I'm sorry I dragged you all the way to America.
  Harry: Oh, it wasn't all that bad.  I got to see Daphne.  And that
         hotel was brilliant!  The towels were so fluffy I could barely 
         close me suitcase.

He heads off to Daphne's room.

Frasier: Niles, I'm sorry things didn't work out.
 Martin: Well, she can't say you didn't try.

Daphne comes in the front.

  Niles: Hello.
 Daphne: Hello.

Awkward silence.

Frasier: Well, uh, Dad, why don't we go into your bedroom?  I want to
         show you how to use the closed captioning on your TV so you
         won't have to have it up so loud at night.
 Martin: Yeah, sure.

They head off.

  Niles: Your dad's here in your room, leaving you a note.  How's your
         mom?


 Daphne: [sitting on the couch] Apparently there's nothing left for her 
         in England, so she's thinking about putting down roots here.
  Niles: Daphne, from the bottom of my heart...
 Daphne: Niles, it's been a very trying day.  Could we talk about this
         later?  I'll drive Daddy to the airport.
  Niles: I'll move his suitcase to your car.

He leaves out the front as Harry comes back in.

  Harry: There you are.  Well, back to England, then.
 Daphne: Yes.  No chance of you and Mum getting back together?
  Harry: Don't think so, love.  Not this time.
 Daphne: Maybe if you give it another chance.  You could...
  Harry: Daphne - I'm sorry.  It's over.  Has been for a long time!
         I mean, I've got no complaints, I got something wonderful 
         out of it: you!

He sits beside her and they hug.

 Daphne: If you don't love each other, why did you stay together for
         forty years?  Through all the fighting and the screaming and
         the hitting?
  Harry: That was for you kids.
 Daphne: I can't believe this is really happening.  I mean, maybe I'm
         naive, but I always thought love would save the day.
  Harry: Well, you know, we all think that when we're young.  But then
         life beats us around a bit and you learn to dream a little
         smaller.
 Daphne: So that's how it goes: two people meet, they're together for
         forty years, and then all of a sudden it just ends.
  Harry: But it's different from you!  I mean, you've found the right
         person.
 Daphne: You barely know him.
  Harry: Well, all I know is, I threw him out of my pub six times and 
         six times he marched back in and yammered me ear off until, 
         until I went back with him to America - all to make YOU happy.  
         I never did anything like that for your mother.  No no, I tell 
         ya, Daphne, you've got the right one there.  A good one, you
         know?  And another thing: [rubs his fingers together] He's 
         worth a bob or two.

She smiles and swats his arm.

 Daphne: Dad!
  Harry: Oh, sweetie...

They hug again.  

FADE TO:

Scene 4 - Niles' Apartment
Fade in.  There is a knocking at the front door.  Niles answers it to
reveal Daphne.

 Daphne: I want to marry you!
  Niles: I want to marry you!
 Daphne: No, I want to marry you NOW!
  Niles: As in... now?
 Daphne: Yes!
  Niles: Why?
 Daphne: Why?  Because you'd do anything, even put up with my insane
         family, to make me happy.  Because you'd travel halfway around
         the world to make my dreams come true, even the impossible


         ones.  And because I can't spend one more minute without being
         your wife, Niles Crane.  Because I adore you.
  Niles: But... I thought you always wanted a big wedding.
 Daphne: Do you want to make my dreams come true?  This is my dream.

Niles looks deeply into her eyes, then takes her hand.  Grabbing his
coat, he leads her out the front door, closing it behind them.  

FADE OUT

End of Act 2

Credits:

THANKS

FOR

CALLING

PAT BOONE

KEITH CARRADINE
OLYMPIA DUKAKIS

LARRY GELBART
SCOTT HAMILTON
ALLISON JANNEY

CHERRY JONES

NAOMI JUDD
BOBBY SHORT

RUFUS WAINWRIGHT

Guest Appearances

 Special Guest Stars
 BRIAN COX as Harry Moon
 MILLICENT MARTIN as Gertrude Moon

 Guest Starring
 JARION MONROE as Henri

 Co-Starring
 JOSEPH SIKORA as Man in Bar
 CHRISTOPHER SHEA as Barfly #1
 IAN PATRICT WILLIAMS as Barfly #2
 JAMIESON K. PRICE as Barfly #3

Legal Stuff

 This episode capsule is copyright 2002 by David Langley. This episode
 summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount
 Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. 


